mcndation, already made, to place the seabord
in a proper state for defence, & prompt' ?
ly to provide the means lor amply protec- <
ting our commerce.
ANDREW JACKSON. i
Washington, Feb. 8, 1836. j
1 I
Pendleton, S. C. Feb. 5.?We arc again
required to perform the melancholy duty of
recofJing the death of one of our oldest
and most esteemed citizens. Gen. Jonh
B. Earle, Adjutant General of the State of
South Carolina, died at his residence in the
District, on Wednesday last, at 3 o'elok, ,
P. M., after a severe illness of several days j j
continuance. " (
Gen. Earlc was born, we believe, in N. <
Carolina, and at his death was in the 70th [
year of his age. t
The Bill to rechartcr the United States
Bank has passed the House of Represcnta- j(
lives of the Legislature of Pennsylvania.
ClF its progress in the Senate, we have the
"following intelligence in the amenwn .
United States Bank.?The Committee of *
the Senate of Pennsylvania have reported
in favor of chartering the U. S. Bank Bill }
as it passed the House with the alteration t
of restricting the issue to nothing less than ^
ten dollars. The prevailing sentiment was, (
that the Bill would pass. Stock sold on t
Saturday in Philadelphia nt 192 1-2.
Later?-Bank of the L. States.?A letter
of the 7th (yesterday) from Philadel- s
phia, states that on the preceding day (Sa- j
turd$y) the Bank bill was taken np in Com- 1
mhteft of the whole in the Senate of Pcnn- 1
sylvania, and, without material amendment,
ordered to a third reading, bv a vote of 21 (
to 12!
Charleston and Ohio Rail Road.?We (
perceive that the grand project of a Rail Road from
Charleston to Cincinnati meets with ]
some difficulty in Kentucky arising solely
'from a desire on the part of the State to
itave the work to terminate at Louisville, '
and we have before us a pamphlet contain- 1
ing the address of Col. Blanding, the South
Carolina Agent, before a Committee of the 1
Kentucky Legislature, in relation to this 1
subject. The address is clear and satisfactory*
as was to be expected from the very
able man who drew it up, and seems to us I
to be perfectly conclusive in its reasoning, i
It proposes a compromise equally honorable <
rand advantageous to each State, and indeed ]
to all the States concerned in the work. ;
That is to say, it proposes to extend the j
road simultaneously to Louisville and Cin.
cinnati.
New York Courier <$* Enquirer. <
We
learn from a gentleman directly from <
Frankfort, that the Ciucinnati and Charleston j
Rail Road Bill will, without doubt, pass the j
V Legislature of Kentucky.?Cincinnati Wh. ,
Complete Work$ of Hannah More.?The j
.Harpers of New York, those indefatigable
American publishers, have presented the ,
reading world, with the complete works of (
this sound and yet popular religious writer, ,
in a uniform and handsomely embellished ,
edition of seven volumes., No English library
can be deemed complete which is
wanting in the entire productions of Hannah ,
'More, at once a distinguished ornament of
her sex, and of the age in which she lived;
and whose long life of usefulness and virtue
was a practical commentary on most of
the principles and truths she so ably and
eloquently taught and advocated.
Charleston Cour.
Georgetown, February 4th.?The steam
boat Atalanta left this place for Chcraw
Thursday evening the 8th ult. at sundown?
and returned last Monday at 3 o'clock in the
afternoon?having remained at Cheraw 30
hpnrs, carrying a load both ways. This
w a new era in steam boat navigation on
? (he Pee Dec, and we congratulate the enterprising
owners of this fine boat on their
success.
It is reported that Andrew Stevenson has
been nominated by the President of the
United States to the Senate for the office of
Minister of the United States to Great Britain,
and John H. Eaton for that of Minister
to Spain.?
Alexander Gazette.
\
From the Correspondence of the Charleston
Courier.
*" ? * />
Washington, January v.
" The elections of the Senators from
. Louisiana, Mississippi, Illinois, and Connecticut,
having all resulted tn the selection of
friends of the Administration, the Senate
now stands 25 anti-Administration, and 23
Administration Senators, counting Mr. Hendricks
among the former. But as he may
probably vote with the Administration members
on the important nominaiions, the Senate
may be considered about equally divided.
If the resolutions instructing the the Virginia
Senator to vote for Mr. Benton's expunging
resolution, should pass the legislature
of that State, Mr. Tyler intends to resign,
but it is probable that he may not carry
his intention into efFect, while "the Legislature
i9 in session, so that his resignation
jnay havo as little effect on the opposition
party as possible.
Our Navy stationed in the Gulf of Mexico,
has acted in the present crisis of our
affairs with a promptitude worthy of all
praise. The frigate Constellation and
Sloop-of-Wv.t Nandalia and St. Louis, besides
smaller vessels of War, are already
at the scene of action.
[Floridian,
Monument to Commodore Perry.?A public
meeting recently held at Buffalo, N. Y?
appointed a committee to solicit subscriptions
for the purpose of erecting a Monul.
\ ment to the memory of Commodore Periy.?
v
^ A clear profit of 82000 was realized
? from the labor of the convicts in the Massak
Mr. Persico, the Italian artist is at pre- but
sent in Boston engaged in taking the busts we i
of Mr. E. Everett, and Dr: Channing.? bles
The Bostonians have recently had cxecu- jo
ted, by an American sculptor of fine genius V
in France, busts of two others of their dis- hav<
tinguished men, Mr. Bowditch and Mr. cxar
Webster. Joui
C. Observer. Eas
Loss of the Steam Boat Pioneer. cors
J men
Darien, Feb. 1. sitio
" It is with regret that I state to you that ^rca
:he new steam boat Pioneer had the misfor- 12
une to be lost, on her upper trip, by the cat[J
explosion of her boiler, 75 miles above this ,w
ity. Both tow boats as well as the steam
>oat went to the bottom, and report states fost
hat 15 lives were lost, and the Captain bad.
y wounded. Total loss of Cargo. 0 ,
' off
Other accounts state the number of lives r
ost at 10 or 12.
this
While two steam boats were la^^acing
>n their way from Louisville to'^^^nati,
>nc of the boats attempted to run the other
ishore or make her fall back; whereupon
he pilot of the latter boat procured a rifle
md deliberately shot the pilot of the other,
he boats at a distance of about fifty yards
rom each other. The ball entered the neck
)f the man who was shot, and it was believed
nust prove fatal. Cor
Bank of Hamburg.?Six Thousand
shares, the whole amount required by the E
\ct of Incorporation, were subscribed in v?r?
Hamburg, on Monday and Tuesday of last eras
iveck. larg<
toes
Canada.?Agitation has again common- por
:ed in Canada, more seriously than ever. tjie ,
Lord Gosford, the Governor, has disbanded, ^
by proclamation, a newly organized military on ,
:ompany. Meetings have been held, and Itg *
1 General Congress is proposed. Things ^)Crr
look squally in the British province. ^.
0^7" A man named Veasil was found by best
a stage driver frozen to death near Boston anu
a few mornings since, and it was stated on stea
Drigg's Bulletin, that two men were frozen mcr
to death in Afulden on Tuesday, while get} of g
ting ice from a pond. my
N. Y, Cour. (J- Enq. that
The House of Representatives of the oc?'
State of Indiana, have passed and sent to anir
the Senate, a bill authorizing the borrowing ?r v
af ten millions of Dollars, for purposes of ?
Internal Improvement. And it was suppo- ..nn
sed the bill would pass the Senae by a ma- 1
ority of two thirds. ^
Con
An ofier has been made by the joint
companies of New Jersey, to sell to the ^
State the Camden and Amboy Rail Rotd mer
and Delaware and Raritan Canal, for the ?n t
sum of seven millions six hundred and fifty
thousand dollars, which they say is two mil- s*oc
ions one hundred and fifty thousand dollars to c
Ttore than what it cost to construct them, mak
:he expense of constructing being five mil- wal<
inns and a half. |or (
The companies then offer to lease these less
works of the State for thirty-si.v years, for *hc
one per cent advance, if the State will give *>y <
the privilege of making another rail road on
or near the straight turnpike from Trenton ton
Bridge to New Brunswick. on 1
The Legislature of the State was cxpec- ^??c
ted to adjourn over for a short time, to con- min
suit their constituents upon these interesting cult
propositions.?Charleston Courier, on 1
gre:
Cincinnati, Jan. 9.?Our Pork market is
brisk,?a large sale was made the other day q01
of Pork, Lard and Bacon, amounting to
something over a hundred and fifty thousand ^
dollars, for cash, at the foliowing rates? jn j,
prime Pork $16.00, Mess Si8.00, Clear as
$20.00, Lard 11 cents. Another purchase
could now bo made at the same rates. I jet{(
am informed that Pork merchants are ask- 0pa
ing the following prices?Prime, Mess and rc
Clear Pork 817, 819 and 821, Lard 12 ,
cents. It is thought the prices will be still 1
higher, as the demand is very great. The tr\,a
" knowing ones" say, that Lard must go nat
up to 15 cents, and that Pork will advance nur
in nmnrtrtinn. y
Ill J.1VJ.V.LV... a x
s
From the Fanner & Gardener. jn ,
CORN CRUSHER AND GRINDER. SUC
There is perhaps no part of the economy fielc
of a farm so badly managed as that of feed, ricu
ing stock; for if we are to judge, in most cub
instances, by the manner in which this duty ing
is performed, we would be led to conclude nie,
that to get it done, without any regard to witl
economizing the provender, was the great estc
desideratum. In a great majority of cases A
the horses get their allowance of corn in the of 1
ears, the cows in the numbing, and the corn fuel
fed to the fattening hog^ is also in the ears; pori
by which process, tne cob, a most nutritious Ind
and valuable part, is mainly lost; for altho' dail
so far as the horses and hogs arc concerned, Stai
the cob, after a series of years, is converted cori
into manure, yet as an article of food its and
valuable properties are entirely lost, and lost
too, without rendering any immediate ser- (
vice to the farm in the form of manure, inas- Fel
much as from the very nature of its consti- Gri
tuent parts, much time must elapse before ven
it can nossiblv decomnosc anil hnrnmo fhnd
J y I . -WW?
for plants. In husbandry, as in every other edit
avocation of life, it should be the great ob- the
ject of all to efFect the most good with the wc<
least means. In this, true economy consists, wh
The questions which the farmer should ask sup
himself are,?can the cob be converted into hor
food?-is it sufficiently nourishing to justify Cai
the expense necessary to reduce it to meal? ing
If he finds these questions can be affirma- hu<
tively answered, he should no longer hesitate virl
as to the propriety of feeding it in that form, cot
These questions have been long since so per
answered. Experiments have been tried, Ox
and the cobs crustad into meal have been hei
found to bo two-thirds as nutritious as the cot
meal made from the grain. This being the on
case, anv contrivance by which they can be cat
made available to tiie farmer as food for his cat
stock, must prove a consummation most pri
devoutly to be wished.
We were led into these remarks, on rea. the
ding the subjoined certificate, which we co. of
py from the Joncsborongh (Tenn.) Repub. ub
lican. We of course know nothing about W
it, more than what we find in the voucher: r/d
if it realizes what is said of it, we think
nay say it will prove almost as great a
sing to the South as the Cotton Gin.
URDAN'S CORN CRUSHER AND GKTXDEB*
^e, the subscribers, do eerily, that we
i seen in operation, and have carefully
nined a machine invented by Mr. A. P.
dan, of Madisonville, Menroc county,
t Tennessee, for crushing and grinding
, and we have no hesitation in rccomding
it to the public as a valuable acquin
to the Agricultural community. It
ks the ear in pieces and grinds both cob
grain into a meal, well calculated for
e and horses, and must be attended
a great saving of grain to all who use
It is simple in its construction, cheap,
ing only 815, and may be worked by
1, by horse, or by water power. One
le machines may at any time be seen
he farm of Mr. John Hoss, of WashDn
county. Given under our hands
2ftth dav nf Januarv. 1836.
Pcier Miller,
John Hoss,
Elijah Fine,
Daniel Kennet/i
James Beard,
77?w. //. Crouch,
Samuel Hunt,
J. Boyde.
tents of the February number of the
Tennessee Farmer.
iditorial notice; answer to queries; clocorn,
and manuring; Jourdan's cornher
and grinder > moles; large carrots ;
e onions; Rohan potatoes; sweet pota;
cut straw; large cabbage; directions
(lanting the gama grass seed, cultivating
grass, and curing the hay; large and
jessive crops of indian corn and hay;
securing the corn crop, and the value of
fFal; salt your corn; culture of the straw*
y ; silk company of Queen Anne counmanagement
of colts; on the utility and
method of cooking food for domestic
nals; fattening hogs; comparison of
m and horse power; farming impleits,
&c.; clover machine; ploughing in
recn crops; clover for manure; econo
and comfort; gather up the fragments
nothing be lost; fruits of industry and
lomy; seed wheat; weeds ; Religion;
nal life; great crop of ruta baga; salsify,
egetable oyster; on preserving cabbage
-inter; letters from a father to a son;
ts of industry; items; poetry; additional
ef agents; advertisement of silk manual.
_ ?
tents of the January number of the Genncssee
Farmer.
erms, notices, &c.; address to the Fars
of Western New York; mulberry trees;
he culture of silk; modes of preparing
1 for cattle, &c.; on apples as food for
k; importation of improved short horns;
xtract lamp oil from linen or cotton; on
:ing soap ; red ceder for hedges; on
3ring sheep; on cutting hay, straw, dsc.
iomestic animals; on the culture of skinoats
and ruta baga, by II. Merrill; on
culture of mangel wurtzel and carrots,
D. r. Q.{ hints on manure, by Willis
r'lord ; culture of ruta baga, by J. Hough;
on sheep and wool growing, by W. G.;
he uitility and best method of cooking
1 for domestic animals; how to have
ce pics at all seasons; Green's straw
er; watering places for stock ; treatise
the culture of silk; recipe to remove
lse spots.
itcnts of the last number of the Southern
Agriculturist.
Driginal Communications?Agriculture !
taly; by E. W. J.; The pride of India
a manure, being replies to letters of the
or on the subject, by a Sea-Islander;
?r from a friend in Barnwell, by F.; plan
m agricultural society, by I. B. D.; mode
ultivaiion in the up country, with remarks
the editor, by a subscriber; large corn,
;hc editor; on the moral discipline and
invent of slaves, by M. Herbemont; the
grass, by Blue House; chaff as a mae
for strawberries; the south west, by
ankec.
elections?The cotton crop; ploughing
a green crop, by Junius; curing meat;
cession of crops; hard times; cinnamon
is of Ceylon; the silk worm; to our agilturists,
by W. P.; on grafting, (with
5) from the alphabet of scientific gardenfor
the use of beginners, by James RenM.
A.; cultivation of the strawberry,
1 some account of several of the most
lemed varieties.
Miscellaneous Intelligence?Public spirit
ndianapolis; worth trying; economy in
; Egypt supplied with ice; barley crop;
k; tobacco in Russia; Yankee axes;
Ill JTIUULT IUU])5 J IIJU WII11U JCddailiiUV/ , I
y increase of population in the United
tes; rice family bread ; a sure cure for
us; annual statement of the S. C. Canal
I Rail Road Company.
Contents of tlie Farmer and Gardener, of
k 2.?Worthy acts?Corn Crusher and
nder?objects of the Agricultural Conition
of Virginia?the Silk Culture, in
ith Carolina, two crops in one season?
:orial remarks and communications on
chinch-bug?the Scab, Hessian fly,smut,
3vil, danger of sowing infected seed
cat,&c.?Notice of Norton's Seedling?
criority of the improved Durham short
n Cattle as a milk breed?Notice of the
mella Japonica and the manner of treatthem?mode
of browsing sheep?corn
>ks valuable for beds and mattrasses?
tue of apple pomace as food for milch
vs, pippins good as a cider fruit, and the
nicious effects of bad husbandry?large
. * %
?superiority of boiled food for cattle?
ght of Indian com?machine for picking
ton?new method of cultivating hops?
the method of preventing the attacks of
erpillars?mode of preparing food for
tie?large vegetables?ad vertisei n eats?
ces current.
Contents of No. of Feb. 9.?Notices, of
5 Alderncy cow?of Dr. Norton's wine?
land reclaimed by fish manure?An exerant
Orchard?A present of a fat Ox?
ork for February?Notice of Agricultuexperiments?On
sowing clover and sr
ving clover tjced?Dr. Norton's method
making Wine?Silk manufacture in Beav
county, Pa.?The Alderney Cow?T1
Silk culture in Steubenville, Ohio?Revie
of Chcmutiy?Rule for measuring cornFrencli
mode of fattening cattle?on Agi
culture?Agricultural scraps?Prices cu
rents?Advertisements.
DR. J. LEE is now in Cheraw, and nrny 1
found at Stincinctz's tho present week.
Feb. 16. 1-ltf
New Books.
Received, lately at the Book Store, amoi
other Books?
Coits Paragraph Bible.
Complete Works of Hannah Moore, in tvv
and also in eleven volumes.
w __ ^C II?.u M
MCITlOirs Ul iiaiiuuii ^uuiuc
Natural History for cliildrcn and youth I
Mrs. Trimmer
Also?Memoirs of Nathan W. Dickc
man, who died in his eighth year, igi emine
example of Christian piety. Every Chri
tian parent and Christian minister who h
not read it, ought to do so.
Feb. 10.
Tax Notice.
THE subscriber will attend to tako retur
and receive the Taxes for Chesterfield D
trict, as follows, to wit:
At Mt. Croghan, on Monday the 29th Feb. ne:
At Blakeney's Old Storo, on Tuosday, 1st Mar
next,
At Michael Miller's, on Wednesday, 2d Mar
next,
At John Middloton's, on Thursday, 3J Afar
next,
At Speei's Mills, on Friday, 4th March next,
At Steer-pen springs, on Saturday, 5th Mai
next,
At Chesterfield Court house, on Monday, '
March next,
AtChoraw, on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursd:
? * * 1 ? *3*1- AiL 1 All. 11
Friday, ana oaiuraay, cm, jiu, tuui, u
and 12th March next.
The Collector will be found at his office
Chesterfield C. II. during Court week in Mar
All persons concerned must make their retu
before tho first day of May next, or a doublo 1
will bo imposed without discrimination orrcsp
of "persons.
The collector will close "his books on tho f
day of May next. i
N. B. The Oath will bo required in every
stanco as the law directs.
L. II. ALSOBROOK.
T. C. C. D
January 26,1836. 12 G
% %
Oranges and Lemons.
BBLS. Oranges,
1 box Lemons.
Just received by tho Ataluntaand for sale b
D. &, J. MALLOY
Fob. 16. . 14.1
Strayed
FROM the subscriber on the 24th Jan, li
a small horse MULE, with the usual m
mirks, not broke, about three years old. It 1
heard from about Chesterfield C. II., and maj
on towards Charlotte, N. C. Any informat
concerning the said mulo will be thankfully
coived, and all troublo and expense paid to i
one who will stop the same, and forward in
mation to mc, or to Mr. Brown Bryan at Cher
P. W. PLEDGER,
Marlborough1 District, S. C
Feb. 13, 1836. 14.4
For Sale.
THE FOUR HORSES and tho WAG
belonging to the lato Francis Wilson.
Apply to
RICHARD PIIELAN
Feb. 16. 1836. 14-1
Cheraw Light Infantry.
A MEETING of this company for tho j
pose of making arrangements for the ?
bralion of their first anniversary; and attend
to such other business as may come before thi
?:n i? L.ii _ .i? r> _ ? rn i ,l:
.vni mi: neia in lira ^uuucu v^iiviuiuur iuiscyuu
at 7 o'clock precisely.
By order of the Captain.
W. II. WING ATE, Sec
Feb. 1G, 163G. 14-1
Election.
AN election for Intcndant and four Ward
for the town of Cheraw, will be held in
stora of F. I>ong, Front Streot, on the 1st M
day in March.
A. Blue, and R. C. Davis, Managers.
By order of the Council.
F LONG, Clerk
Feb. 1G. 14tf
By the Atalanta.
JUST received, this day, a few boxes of 1
rate CHEESE, for family use.
Apply to F. LONG
Feb. 13. 14.2
Sheriff's Sales.
On Writs of Fieri Facias.
WILL be sold on the first Monday and
day following in March next, within
legal nours, mo imiowing property, viz :
100 acres of land, more of loss, adjoining
lands of Oran Jordan, and J. J. Schroter, lc\
on as tho property of John Jordan, at tho suit
Mulloy &. Wadsworth, vs. J. Jordan.
All the defendant's right and iutcrcst in
father's roal estate, (100 acres, more or less)
joining tho land of Peter Arant, H. Plyler, A
JonasFunderburk,levied on as the property of 1
jah Arant at the suit of A. Muirhead vs. E. Arc
One sorrel mare mare, levied on as the prop
ty of A. B. Funderburk, at the suit of J. Ac.
Funderburk and others, vs. A. B. Funderbusl
One lot of shucks, 10 bushels of potatoe pie
ings more or less, fifteen hundred weight
fodder more or less, leviod on as tho property
Ashton Gregory at tho suit of Hugh Craig vs.
Gregory.
(LCTlie above property of A. Gregory's wil
sold on tho second day of sale at Col. Cra
plantation.
ALFRED M. LOWRY, ShfT, C.!
Sheriffs Offico, Feb. 9, 1836. 14-3
Sheriff's Sales.
BY order of the Ordinary of Chcsterf
District, will bo sold before tho Cc
House on the first Monday in March next, w
in the legal hours, the lands lying on Fork Crc
near the Gold Mine, belonging to the estati
J. Mangum.
Terms.?So much cash as will pay the exj
scs of the sale of the land, will be required on
day of sale. The balance in two equal paymo
with interest from the day of sale. The first j
mcnt due the first day of January, 1837. '
second on the first day of January, 1838. I
chaser to give bond and good security, an
mortgago on tho property to tho Ordinary
deemed necessary to secure the purchase mor
ALFRED M. LOWRY, Shff, C.
Sheriff's Office, Feb. 9, 1836. 14-3
WANTED AT THIS OFFICE,
AN APPRENTICE TO THE PRINTING BUSINI
From 1") to 17 years ?f ag'.
of Sunday School and Tract Depositor it
or A NUMBER of individual* in thistov
ic and neighborhood have paid between $71
w and 8800 for Sunday school books ai
? religious Tracts, and have thus establish
ri- these Depositories which are intended to 1
r- perpetual.
These books and tracts arc sold at c.c
5 and charges, without any profit, to all wl
^ will buy, and the money reinvested in l>ool
of the same kind, and thus the supply is i
ways kept up. The books are sold at tl
~~ same prices that they are sold at the Dcpo:
tories by retail in New York and Philadi
jg phia.
These books and tracts inculcate th
form of truth and doctrine in which chri
0 tians arc agreed generally ; ami have not
ing sectarian in them; and thus are calcul
ted to supply the wants of christians of eve
jy evangelical denomination.
The Depositories arc at the Book Sto
;r_ and are kept and attended to free of charj
nt or expense.
as (Kr The following Periodicals devoted
Agriculture are received in exchange at tl
office, and files of them kept in the boo
_ store, which Planters are invited to call n
examipe with a hope that for their own i
n8 terest they may be induced to subscribe.
ia? The Southern Agriculturist, publish
- - ' <- , n ? 77.
I monthly in unaricsion, o. ui jiva umu
st> per annum. .
c The Farmer and Gardener, success
ch to the American Farmer, published weel
in Baltimore at five dollars per annum.
ch The Cultivator, published monthly
Albany, N. Y. at fifty cents per annum.
:ch The Western Farmer, publish
monthly in Cincinnati, Ohio, at one dol
rth per annum.
The Monthly Ge^essee Farmer, pi
jy* lished at Rochester New York, price fi
* cent$ per annum.
at Tennessee Farmer, published mart
ch. in Jonesborough, Tennessee, at one dol
fns per hnnum.
%
COMMERCIAL RECORD
irst PklCEs CURRENT, F^B 15.
Beef in nfnrket lb 5
in* Bacon lb 11 11
Hams lb
Beeswax 16 16
Bagging yard 20
Bale ropo lb 11
Coffee * lb 14
Cotton % lOOlbs 1400 1
Corn bushel 70'
Flour from waggons " brl 700 8
y Northern, brl 860
Feathers from waggons lb 35
Hides greon lb
'dry lb
Iron * # . lOOlbs 450
Indigo. " lb 75
Limo cask 350
i Lard lb 10*
ule L"ru. , ?i oa
vaa Leather solo J? ,
PCO Lead bar b 8
ion Logwood _ . 1!J
re. Molasses ga^ ^
,nv Nails cut assorted lb 7 J
f"ry wrought lh 20
aw. 0at? bus,lcl 29
Oil curriers gal to
\ plam 125
linseed 137 J
Paints white lead keg 330
Spanish brown lb
pork brl 0000 C
ON Rico lOOlbs 400
Shot, Bag 2 00 2
? lb 10
Sugar lb 10*
Salt sack 237
salt bush 75
Steel American blister lb 10
English do lb 15
_i " German . lb
Tallow Ih 9
Qn? Toa imperial lb 125
injj hJ80n lb 7 J
Tobacco manufactured lb 8
Window glass 8 x 10 50fl 300 '
.. 10 x 12 325 .
Cotton is brisk at our quotation; priino
? would probably command 15. 50.
ARRIVED,
cnif On tho 12lh inst., the steamer Atalanta,
tlio days from Georgetown; mdze for Messrs. B
on- A. Malloy, McLean, Bryan, Long, D. &, J. 3
loy, Davis a:ad owner, for this place ; Martii
Co., Smith, & Co., May, Evens, Bruce, & <
Mrs. Williams, Thomas, Mannerlyn, and S
: dcrs of tho interior.
On tho 12th, pole boat James Coit, with m
for D. S. Harlleo and Brown Bryan, owners,
John Evans & Co.
. . On February 0th, LaCoste &, McKay's I
irs Charlotte,with Salt,Mackerel, Hay, Rice,Che
and Lime, for owners, of this p!aee; and Povt
for John Penman of the interior.
On tho 8th, LaCoste & McKay'* boat /
Eliza, with Salt, Mackerel, Hay and Molds:
for owners.
CLEARED,
On the 12th, Lacostc & McKay's boat /
|?? Eliza, with 389 bales Cotton for D. McN
JnO. G. McLendon, John Evans, l, Co., and
. Coste Sc. McKay of this place.
V'j On the 14th, Steamer Atalanta.
ied I
of EXCHANGE.
jjjg Merchant's Bank Checks for sums over 8On
New York, ? per cent. prem.
* " Charleston, 4 do
?li U. S. Bills for sums over 8500, } do
^nt" Bills of the different Banks in South iCarol
^T' and North Carolina, received on depos to, or
jj" payment.
L ' Last sales of Merchant's Bank stock, ?145
?^????
Hit
of WANTED AT THE CHERAW GAZETTE OFF
.a!" A Journeyman Printer
A workman of good character and industr
] be habits may expect constant employment,
ig's regular wages.
Papers with which wo cxchango in this Si
D. and North Carolina, will ploase copy the ab<
? Garden Seed.
A GOOD assortment at the Book Store,
lected by the late proprietor of the Am
can Farmer establishment,
uu Price 6$ cents a paper.
:ek; *?
5 of Goods at Cost.
K5n" 86^ our remaining stock of 1
the Ww Goods, Hardware, Hats, Caps, Bo
nts, Shoes, Cloaks, and Over Coats, with many ot
>ay- articles at Cost for Cash, to close our busines;
rhe D. & J. MALLO\
Jur- Wo have on hand a fine stock of Sugar, Cof
id a Molasses, Salt, Mackerel No. 1? 2 and 3, in 1
'f re Is and half barrels* Northern Flour, Picl
iey* Beef, Raisons, Iron, Steel? &c. &.C., which
D. be sold low for cash.
N. B. Those persona indebted to us by Ji
? or Book account, will oblige us by calling i
settling the same.
iSS, P. A- J. !M
Chcraw, Feb. 16,1636. 1-1-6
s- Rice, Mackerel, Lime &Hav.
in oa tibrcks rice, i^E
,0 100 bbls MackarcU ^
id 100 hslf bbls. do
?d 30 casks ^jtono Lime? , ^
3(2 10 bundles ffjjT. ?. v >aM
For salo by
LACOS7S & McKAY. Jf
>st Feb. 13, 1836. 144? ,
j.g Attention Cheraw Llfkl Jiliitrf. J
Q YOU aro hereby notified Who *
jj and appear on the usual para do <
?l" H ground armed and equipped, with J
il* M y three rounds ball cartridge, at 10
Sgarf o'clock, A. Mm 22d February, for '
At HlSu target practice.
f" ^Capt. John Malloy, i
h- Wf I WESTERVEUT,
r% BV Choriw, 10th Feb.'_lb36. ^
^ : 10HN I. WBdTMKVISliT, a
n ?S respectfully inform* his
friends and customers, that he
H?' ^Kflfe has received his Stock of
t0 DBCC8 k MEMCIIES
and is prepared to meet the
"* wants of tho Public in any
nd article in his lino of business.
*' February 9th, 1836.- 13tf.
i "
ed rWIHE Undersigned take the liberty of inform*
irs -M. ing their customers and the public general*
lyJ that they still continuo to keep at their old
stand a general assortment of
Dry Goods, Hats, Shoes, Groceries, Hollow ware
cv Hardware and Cutlery, Waggon Boxes
Blacksmith's Tools, Axes, Spades and Shpvels,
in Soap, Candles, Cheese
Bagging, Bale Rope and Twino
I with most other articles kept' for sale in*this
' market, all of which they will sell low for cash
lar or country produce.
Wc take this opportunity of wishing all oar
jb. customers & happy new year; bat particularly
r. those who may call soon and settlo their accounts,
' X ?s they thereby will make the new year pleasant
to us.. J, do C. POWELL,
l'y Cheraw, Jan. 4, 1836.
lnr .
.FOR' SALE.
? fWlHE Subscriber, intending to remove daring
, JL tho coming year, from this part of the
I country, offers for Bale, the house on the' comer
of Kershaw and Hugcr streets, recently finished, <
6 and at present occupieff by himself. Possession *
350 will be given on the'first day of Afay next.* More
12? particular information may be had by inquiring
18 of JOifN A. TNGL1&
28 ffberaie, Dec. 15, 1835. . tf 0.
17 COMMENTARIES. .
525 VBlIIE following commentaries oft the Bible
75 J. for sale sft tho Book Store, behvo the pub00
Ushers' retail prices. . . * '
DQflf Henry's, in six volumes, \ .*
36 Clarke's, iri six vAlmnes, ?
5 'And Scott's, in thee*, five, and six volumes.
10 Tho five vol. edition of Scott, is the last publishedf
550 and is printed on white paper with Udrg* type. ?
'J 50 Soma of the rovieWers romarjred- of it when pub.
ljshed. that it is the edition which ought to be
m chosen by every purchaser who"' is old or expects
28 to bo old."
PIANO FORTE MUSIC.
45 5000 sheets, well selected, just received-at the
8 Book Store.
Also, some boxes of new bOoks^ .which will he
CO sold fullj as low as they can be bought, at retail*
100 in New York or Philadelphia.
BOOKS.
42j THE following among many othere mav
(Q0Q be had at the Book-Store at moderate pri500
ces.
I 50 Joscphus
Rolling Ancient History
0~| Gibbon's Rome
Russel and Jones' Modern Europe
Robertson's Works .
18 Botta's Italy
j|j Hume, Smollet and Miller's-England
152 Mcintosh's England
100 Marshall's Life of Washington, 2d cditioff.
00 Writings of Washington, by Sparks
300 Franklin's Works, in two volumes
450 Weem's Life of Franklin
lota .John Jay's Life and Writings
Book of U. S, Constitutions.
Scott's Napoleon *
two Rayncr's Life of Jefferson'
1??. Sketch of the U. States by a Russian
pAinnnricnn nf Rnorlftnrl nn?l AmenVft
Vt p-ww
jQ Comparison of North and South America'
lan- Sketches of Turkey by an American
Schoolcraft's Discovery of the sources Of
,Jze the Mississippi
111(1 Coltcn's Four Years in Great Britain
>oit Ship and Shore, by a chaplain of the U. S.
esc, Navy
der Goldsmith's Animated Nature, with plates
Good's Book of Nature
ses" *i0Cke's Essay
Foster on Decision of Character
Spectator, in 12 vol's
Do. 1 vol. -^
McKcnzie's 5000 Receipts
v House Painter's Guide
The Carpenter's New Guide, by NichblsOQ,
? Ilind's Farriery
Mason's do. improved
'00* Virginia Housewife
POETRY.
Mrs. Sigoumey's Poems
lina Cowper and Thompson
m Milton, Young, Benttie & Collins
, Rogers, Lamb, Campbell, and K. White'
'amm Pope's Poetical Worasr
Burns' Works
Ics' Ossian.
Jan. 19;ions
? ? 1
and Books of tko HetkcOlat E. Chvith,
THE following Books published by the
Ate agents of the General Conference of the
Methodist Episcopal Church, may be bad
at the Book Store.
ge Clarke s commentary,cri
Wesley's Sermons,
Watson's Institutes,
Watson's Bible Dictionary,
Watson's Life of Wesley,
Life of Dr. Clarke,
The Wesley Family, *
o2 Life of Mrs. Rowe,
her Christian Manual,
Christian Pattern,
Discipline, . \
?? Hymns,
Future Rewards and Pomshments, a tar*
vrill mon by Dr. Fisk,
Love of God to a Lost World, a sermon
i?te by Dr. Clarke, /.
in(* Salvation by Faith Proved, a sermon by
[ Dr. Clarke,
Catechism of the Wcsleyon Method.sttv
A
