:summer, by some green crop, such as pea?
turiicps, potatoes, &c., it is termed a green
fallow, in distinction from the ordinary fa!,
low, when land is at rest from crops, bin
repeatedly ploughed and harrowed for the
pulverising the soil, and the extirpation o
weeds.
Lay, means land in the state of sward 01
grass; and by clover lay is meant land in
clover immediately after mowing bciuj
. ^ turned over, and sown1 with wheat or otlici
winter grain. "Judge Buel and others have
raised some extraordinary crops of rutn
boga onxlovcr lays, and where the soil in
-other respects is suitable, there can be no
doubt as to tl>e excellence of the practice.
r' "Broadcast Sowing.?Seed sown in the
usual manner by being scattered with the
band, is said to be sown broadcast: if the
seed is deposited in rows,it is termed drilling.
Culmifcrous Plants.?All such as have
Ja smooth stecms, and produce seeds enclosed
in chatly husks or coverings, such as wheat,
>ryc, bariey, oats, and most of the other
^grasses arc of this class. w. g.
^ ,
rOREIGX.
from china.
Bv tho brig Latoua, Captain Culagher, tho ed
itors of tho Now Vork Commercial Advertiser
have received a file of the Canton Register to tho
16th of Decornber inclusive, from tho 24th of
November, the first publication after the great
fire.
The number of dwelling houses and stores destroyed,
is stated to have been fourtoeu hundred.
Tho death of Sir Androw I.jungstcdt, a native
of Sweedcn, and a'distinguished literature is announced.
It took place at'Macao on the 10th
of November. He hadreaaded 40years in Macao.
His most important work is "Historical Sketches
of the Portuguese settlements in China," now
in course of publication in this country.
Mobile, April 11.
Latest from France.
Hy the arrival yesterday of the ship Franklin
from Havre, we have obtained Havre
journals to the 20th of February, and advices
from Paris to the ISih.
Austria has required and accepted the
mediation of Prussia, between iter and Rus
sin, relative to the secret treaty .between the
latter and Turkey. The terms of the mediation
have been prescribed,-so that Prussia
must engage that the armaments of Russia
shall be discontinued, while Austria the same
for those of England. The system of international
law in its pacific relations, is becoming
better understood in Europe ; and
more beneficially practised.
Ambassadors extraordinary have already
been interchanged between the contending
parties?Russia, Prussia, Austria, and Great
Britain, and others have been sent to Constantinople.
Extract from some of the speeches delivered in the
British Parliament, at the commencement of
the present Session, on the address of the
King.
IIOVSE OF TEERS.
February, 4.
TilO "Dl'KT. OF Wf.M.IVOTOV?F!*? <in_ :
cerely a^'/ecd in the first part of his Majcs- !
tv's speech* which stated that His Majesty t
Xtt&jrtaineiA no apprehension that the peace i
, -of f Europe * and the peace of the world j
"^veafei be di sturbed. He confessed, howev>-cr,iron
' wh. Ithe had heard lately with reference
t ar maments being prepared in different
p "*s kingdom* that lie did c\*.
-4"*ct-SMiie information on that subject. lie
o-i rd to find not only that no np prehansKw
>f hostilities need be cutcrtuincd
butihfrt His Majesty continued to receive.
from a'l furd 1 powers and states in alliance
with .biHof; *ry. continued assurance ofj
t.'jeir uiiafeerrd A ^i? cu,tivRtc H iendK relation&
u-Mi c t Britain: and that the tir uions
\w.ni,rea 11 r
**>anients Kuidt k l(J been m PrcP?ra"o" ^or
some montlts mgl decme(1 heccssarj' lor
?'* purpose ?f .^vi? ' adequate protection to
the extended JZ ' -rcc of ",s M"JCS|> ?
subjects!?The fr,?* I ? - of th,s country j
wis,notonlvto beat r, CaC? bl" '? US?f
-its best iufl4.ce to pn? l>0aC? ?f
j the world (hear, kcw) more particularly
at thismomem, ? any other penod.
. (Hear, hear.) He . ?"rSS rtgrctcd
that the ma^ 'c forco o! "'ls
country was rcdUCedl "e e?' h?
beieived to the very amSnt ? 7 "r"!
now about to be increased S?
had;lotbeen so reduee^ the d ,SCr,i'"t,n ?'
alarm re&pGcfino-ti.n ;n " our n,ar,nc
* '-.l ^ u. n?",Cj?crea?? oi > moment.
H PrC.va? at the .presen
wn.w -"eoccurcq.
^ ouUnot ^ ,
\ ISCOUNT iMELBOc..
With respect to what the noble d oi tins
. ' , relative to the foreign policy 1 most
eiv he Rave to it his entire an. ) He
perfect 'concurrence. (Hear. hear.. -,0wcr
would afford every assistance in his i a cfto
carry that system of pohcy uBy m that
tbet (Here, hear.) He would say, 0b.
dtc preservation of peace was thereat Was
V/.t was the great desire, as ^ell as it 'nd
{he Went interest of this ceurttry-; &a
ami object of all the proce^ngsofH. s ld
jest>'s Got^Ln ofH-cy- <Heai '
preserve tba^ with,he noWc duke u
hear.) Uc5a?. i rrint:vC to the naval torce
whathe had said rcU ^ U(JJ) that
of this count r\ . whiCh was con-?
lr. -?Uiy " __ ~r.lv
iScd for the purpose
^ -templaiea^vad
-plainly mentioned "in his Majesty's.speoch?
namely, to give adequate protection to the i
extended and still increasing commerce of e
*>fthe,country. .
HOrSE OF COMMONS.
?ix John W rottleslf.y?It will give sat- : wh
isfaction to the house to learn that the inti. Me
f ^natc union which subsists between this TV
country and France is a pledge to Europe
of the cont inuance of the general peace, hi
Some persons may suppose that a difference , fi
exists between these professions and a de/ifrc
to increase our naval force; but no
statesman will deny that the best mode of '
insuring a continuance of peace is to be <
prepared for war. (Hear.) This country
can gain nottiin^ by war, and in the pres.
cnt state of her prosperous commerce, shar- j
ed by other powers, we are possessed of'
more colonies than we want for our own.
sake, and retain them solely for the purpose
of preserving the? balance of power in Europe,
and trevont'n* jhose frccuent con
' i
5 tests which for centuries had devastcd parts caj
t of Asia, (ilear.) Peace is our great ob- ag
ject, and I firmly believe there arc no better mc
t means for maintaining peace in Europe, rw
; than that we should retain that* maritime sa<
f superiority for which so much blood and hel
treasure lias been expended.?(Hear, hear.)
r Wo must hail with satisfaction a continu- lun
t ance of our close allanco with France. A the
l stronger proof of the sincerity of that coun
try could not have been given, than the rca
i readiness with which f!ic has received our Pe
t { protilrc d mediation with the United States, to
i His Ma jesty expresses a confident hope of mc
i its acceptance by that other power xdso, and vci
then we shall perceive the confidence rcpos. chi
1 cd in us bv these two most powerful and en- lial
lightened nations, so recently our foes and .lay
| rivals. Proud, indeed, may this country
1 be, when two such nations intrust To it not
| only their interests, but that of which they are )
Thnf nnr
j nioru muxvui. * ...vi Wi.?- | j?
| donee will not bo misplaced. No British kill
Government will ever propose to these na- I
; tions to adopt a course which their own wit
high principles would deem inconsistent of
with the dignity of the Sovereign of this sidt
country. nici
Sir -Hodkkt Pjxl.?lie rejoiced to hear onc
that His Majesty was enabled to congratu- ^,c
late himself ami the country on the contain- side
Jed maintenance of a good powerful under- J hi
i standing between this country and its most acr'
! po werful neighbor, the King of the French. wa]
! lie considered the continued maintenance bus
I of that good understanding to be essential con
J to the best interests of the two countries;, J
j lie considered it to he a great security for the I 0 *c
j continued tranquility of Europe. (Cheers.) ] cro!
j lie hoped that nil the nations of Europe ran!
were so deeply impressed with the imporj
tance, and also with the high moral obligation,
of lnajnfaining peace, unless war was
: necessary for the vindication ofthcir honour, yai
I or for the protection of their interests, that lns'
! no consideration of apparent temporary ad- can
vantage would induce them to violate the
general tranquility. He hoped also that the aiu
increased commercial intercourse between a*,a
this country and France would still further CC!?:
confirm our common interest in maintain- PrCM
ing the relations of peace and amitv with
* *
each orhcr. Another source of satisfaction taKC
which he derived, not so much from the
announcement in the King's speech as from ^
* ' # ^ /\
other intelligence which he had received in
l common ; with the public, was tliat there
was a prospect of an amicable settlement of }\an
the diflercnccs existing at present between ^ '1C
France and the United States of America. ',at*
He was anxious that the subiects of both m.v-?
those Governments should undorstancl, that an"
the two great parties, and indeed all cnlight- ?
cned persons in this country, took a much nsai
more enlarged view than was generally sup- recci
posed of the interest which they had in the that
termination of those differences. Ho belicvcd
that there was scarcely one man in
England who would contemplate but with ?
pain the commencement of hostilities between
France and the United States (hear,
hear); and he believed that there was 110 0
man who would not think any petty tempo- amj]
rary advantage which might in the first in- conn
stance he derived from the commencement sccn
of such hostilities between those two great thc*
powers, dearly purchased by the hazard of t|lc "
a general war arising out of the coute-t be- firin
tween them by the danger which industry, tain
morniitv and humanity, must sustain under loun
, * * anot
such an emergency. ci|)it
120
Late and Important fko;i Texas. cJu1<
Nnc-Orleans, Apr/1 6. "ncn,
Tiic rumor that had been current in this
ritv. tor a connle of davr. was confirmed 'I
by the arrival last evening of the schooner
Equity from Brazoria. Captain Martin of S
that schooner states, that Col. Planning pre- beet
(erring to join the Tcxian army, then con- '1
ccntrating at Montezuma on the; Colorado mat:
river, had blown up the fort at (loliiul where I',
ha was garrisoned, and completely detnol- sen
ished the towr. With tlie 300 troops under ing
his command, lie then cut his way through Cra
the Mexican army, encamped in the neigh- hav
i borhood : ami clVected a junction with the men
| Texians under Gen. Houston. A decisive ?
action was daily expected between Santa An- tion
na and Houston. The Mexican army J
amount nearly to ">,000 men, infantry and by
cavalry ; the Texians about 2500, more pon
determined than well equipt. voli
Santa Anna has prosecuted his intention He
oi exterminating the Texians. Agreeably pon
! to his positive and personal orders, none are cou
j exempted from their slaughter, of any sex moi
or any age over ten years. Several women tiux
i *i *ivi ? :i *> i i .
i aim cnuuren nave tncreiorc oeen Drought just
I hither in the Equity, as a refuge-from de- volt
I struction. AH the Texians capable of hear- 'J
ing arms have volunteered or been sum- terr
inoned to the conflict: but as Houston and " ki
his forces are anxious for vengeance as well the
ns victory, lie has resolved if possible to figl;
bring the war to a speedy issue ; and expel bloi
the invaders from the country. 2
Previous to blowing up the fort at Goliad, beii
j on the 23d March, the Georgia volunteers, the
< consisting of 150 men under Col. Ward, thei
j attacked a body of 000 Mexicans at Refago, ped
j 550 were reported to have been killed and Tin
the rest routed. It is also stated that on the gui:
29th u!t. Gen. Houston attacked thcadvan- thn
ccd guard of the Mexican army, which was 'J
epelled on the main body, and some prison- has
rs were taken, among whom were two spies trai
'the country. thai
It is also stated that the brig Priviligc Tal
ich sailed hence with provisions for the
xican army, had been captured by the I
Man cutters. ion
has been rumored that the Mexicans of f
captured Matagoda ; but this is doubt- be,
-jBee. to L
1Xcw Orleans, April 11. wai
Wt ' have the following reports by the ?a
Genet. alJPe Kalb, from Brazoria, that sailed bar
on the third inst. Gen. Houston hud retreated
twen ty miles from the Colerado, on the be:<
26th lfcl? the cr,erny having advanced to witl
the opposite sl^oro, San Felipe had been cor
, burned by tb;d inhabitants. It was also the sali
l intf ntion of the people to burn Bell's Land- Ge<
i iug aiui Brazoria, should the Mexicans ap- in 1
\ proach, Intelligence had been received at do
i 'ho month oftbrt rlv^r that Coh Fannin** had <" ' *
* - 1 w ' rj
[lilulated, on condition not again to s'-rve j
uinst the Mexicans, but that the next!
>rniug the whole garrison was put to the
ord. No official information, however,
J been received, and it was not .generally,
iioved.
The Mexicans were advancing in two conns,
one upon Houston, the other upon
: mouth of the Hrazos.
The schooner Flash and Columbus were
tdy for sea bound for Galveston. The J
nnsylvania and Shenandoah were ready
sail for this port. The Santiago at the
?uth of the river; the Julius (.';esar up riTlic
DcKalb is full of women and j
Idreu and all the other vessels. The in- <
itants are destroy ing every thing, and
ing waste the country.
A LETTER TO THE EDITOR DATED,
Quint ana, March 20. |
dear Sir?It is known that Travis and his
ty, 18;* men. arc billed?alter having
cd and wounded 1000 of the enemy,
t is feared that Tannin is also cut oil'
h 430 men. who were attacked by .2000 j
the enemy 12 days ago, six miles this
of Goliad. Houston's army of 1700 (
i), between the Colorado and Brassos,
: hundred miles above this; and a part of!
enemy's force is encamped on the west j,
; of Iho Colorado at Bearson's ferry, j
2 whole population to the west have fled ; 1
oss the Brusos, and hastening out of the I(
i of danger; but every man who is not i 1
y in seeing his family safe, is bending his j1
rse to unite with the army. |(
t is my own opinion that if the enemy j'
r cross the Colorado, they never will re- j1
:-f. i* K?f ciii'ppoil in I t
?0 II UUl OIIUU.U HIV J ... ,
ning the country, they never can keep-it. j *
ract. of a Idler (luted Peach Point,!(
March 29. ! t
Mr. Sharp has arrived from Houston's i:
up which he left on the 24th in the even-; \
and states that there were 800 Mcxi- j 1
s encamped on the'Prairie just above I *
jston's, and Sharp thinks there has been ![
Migrigemcnt. Houston had resolved to *
ck them, and so sanguine was lie ofsuc-!
> that lie was about to take measures to jc
rent their escaping by sending a body of 1
men beyond the enemy. Prisoners1
?n by our men, state tliat the enemy's5 *
e diil not exceed 5000 nan when they ! 1
Bexar. Houston had with him about1
10 men and his fo^ce was dailv augmcn-'s
f n if
. Nothing certain had been heard from |
min, the reports arc that he is retreating.}
: Garrison at ?>an Patrucliio ofUo men \
an engagement with 1*200 of the cue- j
killed 150 and wounded as many more |
retreated witlvont loss. !
Nnc Orleans, April 14.
*e have boon peliloly favored with the per- j
of a letter from Col. Saint. Williams, who j
ntlv lett our city for Texas, which states :
he had received a letter from Brafcoria of the I
Vpril, which informed him of tho retreat of
Houston to the cast side of tho Brazos, it j
is agvinst the advice of his officers.
FLORIDA.
Texsacoi.a, April 9. i
n the 2?th ult. a small party left FortBrooko
proceeded about 011c and a half miles into the
try when they wore fired on by the'Iudians, ]
. ted in ambush who killed and scalped one of!
** ? > corporal,) and wounded tsvpothera-- |
' of their names rccoilecrcu. Major .Sands t
commandant cf the Fort, on hearing the |
gscnt out a detachment of 100 men to sus. j
the attacked party, but on ther arrival they j
d the enemy had retreated. The next day j
her party was fired on, in the iinmotliate vi- j
y of the Fort, and a detachment of about '
men pursued them through the hamock but j y
1 Tint overtake them. Cant. Andrew Ross .
io Marine corps, was a volnn'rcr in the list
lioncd detachment. ! ,
1 I
I
7rom the Jacksonville Courier, Ajtril 11.] j(
INDIAN AFFA1KS. j >
incc our last, nothing of importance has ! i
i heard from any division of the army. 1
"ho Georgia volunteers, under the com- '
id of Alnj. Ross, were mustered into the 1 <
States service Tuesday last. Their t
ices not beingrcquircd by the command, j <
officer, they were discharged by Col. i 1
ne, and arc on their way home. We I
c often heard them spoken of as well 1
inted and cfiicicnt men. i
Nearly every day discloses new indica- ]
s tliat the Indians arc scattering.
1 ccidcnls.?A Quarter Muster Sergeant,
the name of Miller, was drowned in a i
d near the encampment of the Louisiana
mtecrs, about five miles from Fort Drane. I
shot an Alligator, and wading into the '
(1 for it was drowned before assistance
Id reach him, though the camp was not
;e than one hundred yards distant. His j
2 of service in the resrular nrmv bavin? i;
- - - ? - ,-y ' * O
expiree), lie had joined the Louisiana
m leers.
L\vo of-the regulars at Fort Dranc, to
ninate a dispute, concluded to try a few -i
lock down" arguments. " On going to i
field and preparing for a regulur built j
it," one of them killed the other the first i
.v. j
U the barracks in St. Augustine, there
lg some noise in the soldiers' quarters i
sergeant of tltc guard went to one of
n and told him if the noise was not stop- 1
he would order him under guard,
c soldier followed him till he came to a
i, which lie took and shot the sergeant
nigh, so that he died the next day.
flic Macon Messenger of Thursday last
the following, which in a measure conflicts
the report brought by the Santee
t five hundred Creeks had passed through 1
llahassec.
Savannah Georgian ISth inst.
t has been understood that a considerable
:e of Creeks and Ucbees, to the number ;
out or five hundred, had been, or would i
raised by Majors W atson and Flournoy,
ecommanded by Gen. Thomas Wood- I
d, of Alabama, for a Florida campaign :
iid that the Indians were anxious to emk
in this service. i
The Greek Indians on the Cattahoochec
iw Columbus, arc said to be almost
liout provisions, and in a sullen, disuentod
mood. They are very much dissfied
at not being permitted to hunt in
Drgia, (where game is much plcntier than
Alabama.) and declare their intention to
so, at any risk, as soon as the leaves put
Osoola is said to have stated at the corn- |11
menceinent of hostilities, ihat he should not ^
make war upon the defenceless women and tl
children. Not being to blame,he said, tlrcy h
c^ght not to be suffer for the deeds of
others, This accounts for their general ^
escape iu a warfare which has been so
destructive, to life and property. It lias
taken from the Indian depredations their u
savage character. The murder of Mrs. o
Conlv'and family is the only instance of an a
attack upon women and children. This h
savage act is said to have been committed i h
by a party of stragglers, not under the con- tl
trolofuny of the Chiefs. This characteristic, J
evincing a considerable advance front a h
savage state, could not have arisen from a lj
want of opportunity.?Jacksonville Courier.
AlHtrart of the Proceeding* of flic '
Tucutj-fourth Congress. First Ses- i ''
I f|
"? I
SKXATS. I |j
April, 13. jr
iVIr. Webster appeared in the Senate to j,,
day. j p
'idic following resolution was offered : I w
By "Mr. Calhoun ;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the j p
Treasury be directed to report to' the So.
late, with as little delay as may be practi. I 0
:ab!e, the amount of money in the Treasu-1 ,T
v on the 1st of thi^month, where deposited 11",
md the amount of the liabilities of the sev- 0
mil Banks of depositc, respectively, with
heir means of meeting the same ; and also 1 ?,
lie receipts of the Treasury for the quarter j
mding the 31st March last, arranged under ! a
lie heads of customs, public lands and inci-! c
lental receipts, considered and adopted. | p
The Joint resolution, introduced by Mr. j
Vilcs, to leave a portion of the public lands t
n Washington for the cultivation of the |
Mulberry for silks, was taken up, on its j
bird readinir objected to bv Mr. Southard, i
. c
irid referred to the Committee on the Dis-1
riet. I ?
The biil to prevent the circulation of in- j
rendiary papers in the mail, was taken up j
ind farther considered. ;
After a lengthened debate in which Messrs.
Calhoun, Grundy, C'uthbert, Morris and 11
^iles participated,
On motion of Mr. Grundy, the farther con- u
sideration of the bill was postponed till b
Puesday next. : r
A.Pril>14; In
The bill to distribute for a limited time j'
lie proceeds of the sales of the public lands j
Huong the several states, and for other pur- j ^
loses, came up as the spceiul order. j.
A debate followed, in which Messrs. j
Jlay, Porter, and Walker, participated, j
Jtv unanimous consent, the bill was !
I 1... *..1 I V
mu on mu iuim: 10 uu uuivii up lo-mor- |
OW. I ^
April 15. !
Mr. Calhoun presented the petition of? j .j
Melville, formerly a weigher and gauger in j
he custom-house at Newport, li. I. and ! y
A lio was turned out of office in March, j
18115, under circumstances alleged to be of i
.extraordinary oppression. j
The ease was admitted to be one which ! ^
equircd examination, and the petition was I
x'lvi j lu 11jvw 1mj ^
ind, with the documents, ordered to be ! j
uintecL 1 ^
public lands.
On j notion of Mr. King, of Alabama, the j
Senate proceeded to considcrthe bill to pro-!
ride for the distribution of the proceeds of!c
lie public lands, &*c. when i ^1
]\Ir. Kenton addressed the Senate at'
cngth, for the purpose of showing that the !
jrucuou 01 uuucssmy luriiiicuuoiis would
ibsorb the surplus revenue, and that the hill
now before the Senate was antagonistical | tl
to the system of national defence rcconi- J n
mended by the President, and the situation
of the country. n
Mr. Ewing, of Ohio, said a few words, P
on which he stated that the impression in n
Ids mind, fiom a perusal of the message of j d
the President, was, that the President and j n
the Heads of the War and Navy Depart- |tl
mcnts are not in favor of such extended ap-1 o
propriations as were now recommended. |
Air. Benton made a brief explanation, k
when the bill was, for the present, laid on v
the table. 0
The Senate then proceeded to consider j c
the resolution to change the time for making j v
the contracts in the General Post Office, j n
Some amendments which had been pro-! 1
posed by the Committee on the Post Office |
and Post Roads were agreed to, and the re- t(
, . , , . . f .1
solution was oracreu to do engrossed. ; 11
April 19. j
Mr. Calhoun presented a memorial of
Professor Licber, on the subject of a statistical
work on the United States, in preparation
by him, and praying for the aid of Congress.
Mr. Calhoun spoke of the work in
terms of high approbation, and moved the ^
printing. ?
Mr. Webster said he had the honor of u
an acquaintance with Professor Liebcr, and
believed him to be a gentleman of much ex- G
perience, and an accurate and judicious j w
writer. lie had read, too, the memorial ai
which the member from Sonth Carolina had , th
presented, and he thought it a very able and j ?
comprehensive plan, or outline, for a useful j
and important work on the statistics of the ! ^
United States. IIow far Congress might;
be inclined to patronize such a work, he P1
could not say, but he thought it would be tc
useful to give publicity to this plan; and he hi
hoped the member from South Carolina h<
would ask for the printing of twice the usual j n
number, so that some few copies might be ;
distributed.
Mr. C ALiTOtrx modified his motion so as'
to make it for printing double the usual I
number, and in this form it was agreed to. ,
Mr. Crittenden presented resolutions a-1 si
dopted by the Legislature of Kentucky, in- th
structing the Senators from that State to a;
vote for the Land bill; which were read, and si
laid 011 the table, and ordered to be printed. p<
wisconsin. il
Mr. Buchanan, from the committee of w
conference appointed in reference to the tr
disagreeing votes of the two Houses, on S
an item in the bill establishing a Territorial vi
C'.v< !n the Territory ofWiscorisin,: n
- ? - ?in i
lade a report, which recommended to the ct
cnate to recede from their disagreement to cc
ie amendment of the House, and having
cen read. n<
The question was taken on receding, and m
ecided in the affirmative. ! Jj
April 19. st
Mr. Ewing of Ohio olTercd a resolution, w
hich was adopted, directing the Secretary N
f the Treasurer to inform the Senate wlwt
mount of money received for public lands P<
i the North-western states and territories, th
ad been transferred by his instructions to si
lie Eastern cities since June 30th 183o. |tii
uul also whether any ofthc deposite banks je
ad authority to direet what moneys should K
e received fyr public lands. ?
His reason: for offering the resolution was c
at he had received several copies of a c
rcular from the Columbus bank to other ^
anks of Ohio, stating this bank would in "
iture decline receiving from tl\p land c(
iiiccs the notes of any except depositc |11
>;mks, and banks which should agree to !ri
edecm tlieir notes by drautflets on 'Balti- ^
iiore, Philadelphia orN. York jlivable at P
ar in thirty days ; because nearly the J(
hole amount received is required * to be j S
ansniitted to the Eastern states, and the exense
of doing so falls on the depositc hanks. c
Mr. Benton offered a resolution to inquire
f the Secretary of the navy what is the n
rratest amount that can be beneficially cx- 11
ended upon the navy and incidental heads a
f expenditure. * e
Mr. Southard spoke on the bill for dis- k
ibuting the proceeds of the public lands d
11 fatigued, and gave way for a motion to Cl
djourn the next day (120) Mr. Southard s;
oncludcd his spcccli, and Mr. Wright re- n
lied. si
HOUSE OF RErnESEXTATIVES. . .
April VS. - y
Mr. Dronigoole, of Virginia nsked -the J'
onsent oftlic House to submit a resolution j ailing
on the Secretary of the Treasury for j
formation iu relation to the selection and j =
gencv of the Ileposite Banks.
Mr. Hopkins called for the yeas and nays |
rhicli were ordered : and were, veas 159 ; j
ays i9.
The resolution was ordered to lie over,!
nder the rule. Mr. Wise moved a suspen-!
ion of the ru'c to consider it now, which j b
lotion was lost; and on motion of Mr. |tl
2vans, the resolution wes ordered to be ' h
irinted. * | S
April 14. ?
On motion of Mr. I )romgoole, the House ^
3ok up and considered the resolution oflercd q
I
iv nun vesicruav. j ?
" Mr. \V iso addressed the House on the i d
ubject of the resolution, until 12 o'clock, b
irhen, on motion of Mr. Patton, the I louse t]
irocecdcd to the orders of the day. p
On Motion of Mr. Patton, the House took b
p and considered the bill, establishing the 5
territorial Government of Oiscousin ; the 1
ainc having been returned from the Senate, | w
,ith all the amendments concurred in, ex- ! f;
opt the one reducing the salary oft he Gov.j u
rnor, and to which the Senate disagreed. | tj
A motion to recede was taken and lost.;
-Yeas 58. Nays 130. j C(
Srr tl?o Heu'tn Ji i' TUllnuil ??.l i.? recede ; \ 0
no on motion of Mr. Cave Johnson, the ' t)
louse determined to insist; and appointd a : t>
tomiiiittcc of Conference. ! ,
Nothing of interest was done in the House j Sl
own to the 20th, the date of our latest ac-! i,
ounts. The greater part of the time was j j,
pent in discussing the Navy appropriation t,
ill, and the general appropriation bill. ; .
a
tin: public revenue*
The Secretary of the Treasury sent to ! S1
ie Senate yesterday his answer to the callti
lade by the rosolution of Mr. Calhoun h
ist week, for a statement of the amount of; y
ioney in the Treasury on the 1st. of the | c.
rcscnt month, where deposited, and the a. | Sl
nount of liabilities of the several banks of, n,
cposite, respectively, with their means of L;
fleeting tnc same; ana aiso tne receipts ot 1 c<
ic Treasuiy lor the quarter ending the 31stj
f last month. I ^
We shall endeavor to insert the report at;
irgc as soon as it is printed. At present i sc
,e arc enabled, from a hasty examination 1
f it, to give only the two principal facts dis. i
loscd by it?namely, the amount of the re. v
enuc for the last quarter, and the total a- as
lount of unappropriated money now in the
treasury.
The Secretary states that the receipts ind
the Treasury during the quarter ending !,J
lie 31st day of the last month, were?
From Customs, $5,006,050
From the Public Lands, 5,430,650
Miscellaneous, .230,000i
!
Total lor the quarter, 810,723,700
And that the amount of public money in j .1
ic Treasury (that is, in the Deposite jtul
lanks,) on tlie .'list day of the last month,
as 831,893,153.
Thus, it appears that tho Revenue of the 8W
Government for the first quarter of the year
as near eleven millions of dollars, and the
mount of the public money now lyingjn m(
ic Pet Banks is thirty.two millions of dollars rcs
-and this enormous, this unheard-of sur-! I"1
!us daily swelling by fresh payments into , ha
ic Treasury. j tin
The disposition of tin's immense sum : wi
resents a question of the deepest concern to
>the People, and of the deepest rcsponsi- m:
ility on those to whom the disposition of it!
elongs; but the custody of so vast an a- j wi
lount of public treasure involves a qucs- M
on of still greater import.?Nat. Intell. se?
tci
April 12. Jiu
TIIE MONEY MAHKET. W
It is admitted on ail hands, that tiie Prcs- u
jre upon the money market is greater at rai
lis time than during the panic two years in
go; and it is equally certain, that this pres.
jre is daily increasing without any prosect
of relief for tiie next thirty or sixty days, gl
i the mean time, should Congress adjourn pe
ithout passing a law authorizing the disibution
of the Surplus Revenue among the
tates, or devising some other mode ofpreenting
its accumulation, the scarcity of of
toney must continue to increase until* the T/
?i?
immcrcial ami otlier great interests of the \ I
juntry, become paralized. M
The amount of Government Depdlites J
>w in the pet Banks, is very nearly forty I
ill ions of dollarsr* and every succeeding I
iy witness the increase of this enormous V
irplus in the hands of<hc Goyerhmen%. j
hence it cannot return into circulation. I
ecd we Ofler any other reason for the pre. I
:nt scarcity of money?- Let the reflecting I
>rtion of the people?those who constitute J
e legitimate source -of power and who
)oukl be the rulers of the cowitiy^?let 19
ose we say, seriously reflect upon this suh- 1
ct, and demand justice at the hands of their 1
Representatives. When the revenue wa? fM
nly equal to tlx? absolute wants of the- 1
ountry, as fast as it was collected it wa* * jl
xpenfied; and thus by returning immodi. I
tely into the hands of the people to fill up- 1
ic vacuum created by its withdrawal from
irculation, the whole operation ofcollecting,
ic revenue was unattended with any inju.
ious effect upon the money marlftt. At
lis time too, the Government owed from
venly to sixty miflrorfe ofdollffftl rcpresco
>j by that amount of the United States <
tock, which added precisely, thus much to
ic available circulating medium of the
ountr<'f because it could always be used in
irge operations with as great and even
renter facility than money itself. By tho
ic reasc of the revenue this debt has gradu- - ?
lly I>ecn liquidated, and as tast as liquidatd
the stock destroyed. Of course it fol- \ \
)\vs, that by the payment of the national 1
ebt the actual circulating medium of the i
ountry has been decreased that amount:? I
ay within a few years, fifty millipns-^-and 1
ow wc must add* to that sum the immense U
urplus unemployed in tlto Treasure. 1
Courier fy Enquirer, \
w * ^3 ; I
:heraw gazette.
TUESDAY, APRIL 16, 1816.
-1
.5 y
It will bo soon that the "hoau" Ruaax, Econ* j j
my, on our first page was by mistake placed ore* $ J
ic wrong article.
Since the appearance of the email pox in Marl, i |j
orough, the infected district has had so-little in. i l
jrcourse with our town, and the infected Tozni- j
cs so littlo with.their neighbors, that' we hare |
cncrally'found it difficult to collect satisfactory I
lformation as to the actual extent of the disease. 9
Ve therefore, last week, rode over to seo and in. 9
uire for ourselves, in company with two other * M
lcmbcrs of the Chcraw Medical Board. The ft
iseaso did not, so far as we could learn, spread I
cvond - the' families which had been exposed to j
lie infection before it was ascertained to be small p
ox. Their number is eight. The whole num. *'
cr of persons who have had tho disease is about ft
0. The few who still have it are recovering,
[ho number of deaths, including an infant born ^
;ith tho eruption is seven. All members of tho ' j
unities into winch, it was introduced, so for as OA
-c were able to learn, have now taken it, except ^
loso who had been protected by vaccination.
As some persona, notwithstanding tipepass of V
inclusive evidence before tho pdLUc, in favor
rtho protecting power efvaecmatVou, ctUl en.
;rtain lingering doubt*am this subject, we state
lie following facta. Herbert Smith, the first of
lioso who took the disease and who had it very
iverely, was nursed tliroaghout his confinement ,;
y his wife and a black woman, neither of whom
as taken the disease, although their only pro.
;ct ion was that they had several years since been
accinated. Mr. Smith's family were til vacciatcd
as early as vaccine matter could be pro.
urcd. Those of them in whom the vaccination
lccccdcd beforo the small pox bad taken hold of M,
ic system escaped this disease, whilst those who r
ad been unsuccessfully vaccinated' took it I *hrcc
physicians from this town visited the first
iscs of tho disease which occurred several wnskr 1
nee, and they have all escaped it, although 8
one of tlicin had any other protection than vac.
ination. We might state many other fiMjti
}ually conclusive, but deem it unnecessary.
Upon enquiring Vhether any person who had
Vtn r.vvmAvlw /*/???? A/1
/VU tvimviijr lavviUdM^i iw? vuw oui<U< |A*Aj WW
ero told that a few did, bat had it so mildly qs \
:arccly to be confined by it. Their disease*
>nd doubt, was, not small pox, bat varioloid,
Inch often succeeds genuine small pox, M well i'
; vaccination.
Fifteen cases of small pox have occurred in 3
olumbus, Ga. mostly among the colored popution.
There have been throe deaths.
John Q. Adams has been ill, but has again
far recovered as to rcsume -his eeat in the
ouse.
It is stated that the resolution which passed the
ra so of Representatives oFPebnsylvania instrucig
the Senators of that State in Congress to
Lo against tho expQneine resolution of Mr
ntoa, has been postponed in the Senate till next
aion, by a majority of one vote..
We learn from the New York Journal of Com.
;rco that a fellow named Robinson, a clerk in a
i pec tabic mercantile house, becoming jealous of
i mistress, murdered her at night in bed with a
tchct, provided, no doubt, for that purpose, and (
;n set fire to the bed and made his escape, but
is afterwards appjehended. Jfe is represented
bo a young man of "good address and confident
inner." . *
A subsequent account says that tbs femalo
is the daughter of Major Goal Spsalding, of
aine, and a highly accomplished girl, who was
luced while a? a hoarding school, and as a mat.
of course, afterwards deserted, by a fiend in
man shapb, who was ** the cashier of a bank/
e know not when -we felt so strong indignation
upon reading the statement. We would much . ,
ther see the scoundrel hung than any murderer , J
the land.
Tho Virginia election so far as we havo learnt
res the Whigs 23, Van Buren 31. The ehan.
a in all have boon 8. In favor of the Whigs 5#
favor of the Van Buren 3.
Of the 16 Aldermen lajely>lected in the City
New York 9 are Whigs and 7 Van Buren.
ich ward elects i's o*vn Alk*?111,
j&jM 1
