I well filled with advertisement**, cxliibitin
I bige quantities and complete assortments i
wares, merchandise and commodities, ar
j attracted l?y the abundant market, an
[ tire almost certain to repair to such a plue
ibr their sup^ies. It i.s by the manifes
L contrast, iti Sis bchalfc between this city an
[ Louisville, in favour of the latter, that nu
j Microtis .Merchants in the surrounding conn
i try, give that place the preferancc in jHircha
M& their supplies, while in realty liic as
' sortnient of goods there is probably not ha'
extensive nor complete as it is here
.Hut people Judge in a great measure froi:
appearances, and while the columns of th
papers in Louisville display a vast (let
greater quantifier of goods i.i that tnarke
than the papers oi'this city do in this, Lou
*isviilc will doubtless be blessed with a mucl
larger business, in proportion to its popula
tion than Cincinnati.
.i%
& :.:.i?sAt:in AT lukceloxa.
Tauis, Jan. 11.?Deplorable excise:
' "were committed at DarceJojiu on the 4t!
5nst. Upwards of a hundred prisoners v.vr.
trinssacrocd by the populace, iti the citadel.
The body of Co!. O'Domicl was horribh
mutiiatod. The disturbances continued or
tin: 5tli. The lives of ail persons suspcctci
of Car'ism were threatened. On the 4t!i
u'ion receiving account of these disorders
Io n. Miua ielt San Lorenzo for Darcelo.
r;a.
Paris, Jan. 1-1.?The u ulowing ao'.ouni
of the 5th inst. from Barcelona, affords do
tails of the horrible massacre, in that place,
winch we have already announced, llorri.
t?Io excesses wore committed in the course
of last night. A stilled ferment had prevail,
e I for s weral days which took a fresh de.
groe of intensity upon the arrival of tin.'
news that the prisoners detained at Lorenzo
del Pithens, by the Carlists, had bx-n
shot. The authorities, however, were bui
i- - . II....... i:
Iimo UlSiJUlCie.l l)y 111" uisposuu '.l Oi nit;
pie; but the troops that were to have march"il
<>n the 1th received counter-orders. All
the troops wore or Jen?;! to remain ia their
barracks
Fa the course of the day, i? was learned
Vmt ssme -Cabccillars (Carlist chiefs) had
es-,vpe<t from prison. The populace murmured
aloud, autl a decision of a CourtMartial
held in the day carried the exasperation
to the highest pitch. Tjiis Court contested
itself with condemning to a few years'
transportation sonic Carlists convicted ol
having committed acts of atrocitv, of having
o 7 r
wca torn out t!ie eyes ofa woman. -Vo soonor
was tlio sentence known,than armed hands,
who no doubt had received tlic watchword
within a few days,began to scour the different
quarters of the town shouting outdeath to
** - i * -.1? K-U
UarlHtS !" I'llCSC nidi ?;u IJCHJU^.
ed to the 12:h battalion of the National
^ < Liard. called La JMusa, which battalion con.
tribute.! most powerfully to-the Revolution
of August oth.
It was four oVlc-'t when these groups in
anus began their excursions in the streets.
The night soon runic on, and the mobs
became more threatening. The drums
shortiv after beat to arms, and the troops
speedily mustered, and proceeded to those
where the groups were most numerous. A t
this moment, the populace surrounded the
hotel of the Captaincy-General, and. with
voci&rations, demanded thai ail the Carlist
prisoners should bo shot. (Jen. Alvarez,
hoping to calm the infuriated populace, promise!
that they should be executed on the
morrow, upon which now clamors arose, and
on every side were heard cries of u this
verv instant." The General refused and
? ' < . *1.L.
unrnediatelv a cry otwartssueu uum i.u?
mass of armed men : M To the assault <>i
T?i2 citadel !M ladders were brougfrt, and
placed in the ditches. The advanced posts
were curried, and the populace, in their impetuosity,
took the citadel by assault. The
conquerors, cnhcartcned by this -triumph,
rushed towards the apartments olTedro de
"asters, the Governor, who learning his
defeat at the ' same time as the buttle,
delivered up the keys of the dungeons.
The first prisoner who 11-11 under the wen.
pons of these wretches was Col. O'Donncll.
who was captured at Olot. His body was
thrown from the top of rampart to the multitude
below, who rushed with bowlings o
rage and .joy upon their bloody prey. J\
rope was tied to the feet of the victim : ant
after having dragged the body through ai
the streets and satiated their thirst ot ven.
gcauco, these cannibals burnt the mutila
ted remains upon the Kainbla, at the sum:
spot where Hassa was burnt.
n.,^mT tlii,: rik-oriKtitinr ori'V, drcadiU
e, 0. .
scenes of desolation and massacre too!
"place in the prison, where some brigands
equally ferocious and resolute, shot the uti
fortunute and defenceless prisoners. T<
the victims' shrieks of distress, and the vo
ciferations of the assassins; wcre.joined th
shouts of joy of the populace without, \vh<
answered by hurrahs to ever fresh report c
fire-arms. The drawbridge had been le
down, and the populace, being complct
masters of the citadel pursued within thei
work of death and vengeance. After ha\
ing massacred all the prisoners, they rusl
ed into ihc rooms of the sick and put thei
to death. The massacre commenced ;
< :glrt in the evening, and still continued ;
midnight. The National < Juards remainc
inactive under arms, without^making tl
leas, demonstration to stop tho popular to
rent. The town was illuminated during tl
v. htile night.
This morning Gen. Alvare:: reviewc
the troops who ha I bivouacked tltrougho
the night in the public places, and inspect!
the ranks of the National Guards : he e
pressed the utmost satisfaction with the
conduct on tho preceding day, and addi
that he would ever i>e found in the midst
them. This apparent calmness of the Ge
eral, who is Governor of the town in tl
absence of Mina, these praises- bestowed c
troops who did nothing to prevent nojrib
massacres, may astonish one, particular
when it is considered that at the momei
when the General was expressing hims?.
the populace were tu'kfna of prock
g mmg the Constit&ion, and demolishing the
>f citadel.
c Numerous detachments of the National
d (Guards parade! the town with tho drums
e heating and colors flying* and carried in triit
iiiu^hllio stone of the Cons' itution, which
d they have at length placed with groat
i- ! lernnity before the residence of the Capfcitnr
j (t'encral, amidst loud acclamations and dfs
| charges of muskctrv.
i 1
"| ?even o'clock.?The garrison has at
I length come forth. Tho authorities have
' given orders to remove the stone of the
1 J Constitution. There is a contest bclore the
j J residence of the Captaiu-Ceneral, and it is
I impossible to approach it, oil account of the 1
t j tiring of muskctrv, and the charges of cav- i
* ' airy in surrounding streets, to prevent the
1 rioters froj.u concentrating. Iu the other
f quarters, the disturbance is increasing : the
] National-Guards arc running in all dirccj
firms calling to arm's! To the l'ulace
JSguarc! The Constitution or Death ! The
j town is in a state of excessive agitation, and
j there is every reason to apprehend that the
-> i mgnt will no! pass over wnnoui some greai
j I disaster.
i Paris, Jan. 7?3>v letters of January 7,
' j irom ?>!. Sebastian, we learn that4' the Carlists
on entering Guctaria burnt all the hou1
I *
. j ses they found standing. The same letters
announce the arrival at St. Sebastian ofUri'
gadier Firmin Iriate, with 1,400 men, Iron)
' Hi!boa, the command of whom lie has recently
taken in tlie -room t)fthe Count de Mirasol,
who is sent into I<ower Arragon. A
reinlbrcement to the same amount having
arrived in the town, Iriartc, wlio is in the
luH possession of the confidence of the Con'
stitutionalists, was preparing to make a? sortie.
in order to disengage >St. Sebastian, and
' i destroy the works raised by the Carlists for
' | the purpose of bombarding the town."
I Paris, Jan. 12.?A telegraphic despatch
i from Hayonne, received yesterday, announ:
j ces that, on the preceding day, the Meteorc
! 'iiM-tYo,! nfTSt. Si'hnctian for the nurnose oft
U4MI V VI* " - I |
taking vengeance lbr insults offered to the
_
I French ilaif by the Carlists. Alter waiting
j to receive the rtrst sliot, she returned such
J a warm atid well-directed fire upon the Car.
^ iist*? that they were obliged to send a flag of
1 truce, with an asssurancc that, in future, the
French Hag should be respccteJ.
J J hvtraci of a letter from Bayonne, dated
the 9th instant: *' We arc still waiting for
, news from Guetaria. On the 6th the fort
. Mas not reduced, but we are informed that
: the garrison had offered to capitulate if not
relieved within 6 days. The Carlist General.
however, is said to have refused these
terms, and, on the 7th, "began to batter the
ramparts with his cannon. The citadel of
St. Sebastian continues to lire upon the
works of the Carlists. One of the shells
thrown ironl it missed its aim, fell into the
town, and killed, two merchants."
A letter trom Bayonnc, from a partisan
. of Carlos, states that 0,000 rebels have entered
a towu of Catalonia, ontj burnt 00 hou.
|** !
London, Jan. 20.
We received last night, by express, the
Paris papers and .Ministerial crisis as rcgar- ,
tied M. Human, the Minister of Finance,
wlhjse projects fi?r the reduction of the five |,
per cent, stock, our readers arc aware, have ,
awakened so much attention in the Cabinet
and iti the Chamber.
Mr. Human is supported by the People
of France generally, and by a majority of
the Chamber; he lias been opposed by the
King personally, and the shopkeepers of Pa#is
who form the Na ional Guard, and are
tin) principal holders of the stock'in question.
, It is then Paris against France once more,
J and the triumph has been with the Capital,
j The question, however, will be eagerly disI
cussed in the departments and warmlv con
* * ? I ??.? Jo
tested 111 the LtiumiKT, auu mu l^DUll J S3 |
doubtful.
Mr. I Iumatfs successor is the Count d'Aiwoit.
There has, says an English paper, been
a severe action between the Carlists and
(.Queen's troops. Cordova, the Queen's
' (ieneral, having concentrated his forces at
' Vittoria. amounting to about 30,000 men,
" (ofuhich 10,000 were the British legion,
and six battalions of the African,) ad vanJ
ced from thence Jan. 16th. The centre I
j took the mountain passes of Arleban, with j
' some hard lighting, losing 150 rank and j
' file. Esparlcro commanded the left, and j
* Evans, the British General, the right. The i
; part the latter took in the affair is not I
known, as they were at some distance from !
1 i the main bodv of the armv. I
< * *
> [Fsgm the London 77//ir$.]
Liverpool, Jan. 28.?Refusal of the
5 merchants of Liverpool to admit O'Council
' into the Exchange News Room?This niorc
ning Mr. O'Coimcll arrived here to attend
1 a dinner to be given him by the Radicals
e tlirt m/M<n.
fl Ol tlllS I0W1I. jll U1U WU15U *.'1 wv Ilium- I
t ing lie addressed a large mob from the bal- j
e cony of tlic Adelphi Hotel?1'Hated by the
r reception he there met with, ho flattered'
himself that he should meet with a similar
i- grcctiug from the merchants and gentlemen
n of the town, and accordingly, about 3
it o'clock, accompanied by Mr. \V. Rathbone
xt one of the ncvvly-madc justices, a band of
:(1 music, and a large mob, lie proceeded to
lc the Exchange Xews-Room. Xo sooner
1 had he got within the walls of the building,
10 I wiiieh was crowded with gentlemen, than
the cry of4 Turn him out' resounded, from
id one end of the room to the other. lie- enat
deavorcd to elfcct his wav into the room,
id but the gentlemen formed a barrier round
x- him, and effectually resisted his further proiir
gross. In vain did lie endeavor to obtain a
id hearing?he was actually driven from the
of room, evidently deeply chagrined, and conn
derailing those injudicious friends who had
ie taken him there. His exit was the singal
>n foragi'aeral and continued cheering, folio
lowed by three-cheers for the King, the same
ly for the l)ukc of Wellington,Sir itobet Peel,
nt Lord Sandon, the House of Lords, snccecd;lf
i cd bv thive cent in tied cheers fur Church
j and King.
~ ^ - ?
A Letter from the United States Const
at Vera Cruz to the Editor of the Ne\
York Evening P#lt, says that Senior Man
vel, EdurA>o Gokostiza, the Envoy Jv\
traordinary from Mexico, near the Gov
eminent of tlic United States, is charged
As is supposed, with a commission ofhigl
lintCtest to the (Jovcrmnet he represents
It is added that M. G. has tilled a publii
station near the Court of St. James, whenci
iie returned some three years since, and i:
a man of acknowledged ability and distill
guished literary attainments.
As passenger, in the same ship cam*
Senior Don Francisco Paula Lopez
(Com. Lopez.) the principal and head o
the Mexican Navy.
National Intelligencer. *
Abstract of the Proceeding;* of fht
Twenty-fourth Com cress. First Scv
mod.
is senatj:.
Thursday, Feb. 2~>.?The greater pari
of the time while the Senate sat with opei
doors, was spent upon the Fortification bii
witlvout any decision except to print sonx
papers and tables connected with it. Aftei
which the Senate proceeded to executive
business.
Friday, 26th Feb.?The day was spent
upon unimportant private bills and rcsolu.
tions, and upon a bill to extend the Cumber,
land road, upon which no question was taken.
'mi... c??,i:.j
x in: oeuuiu uiu u'ji oil uu ouiuiua\
Monday, Feb. 2U.?This day lvas spent
upon the abolition question. Mr. Wall
spoke, the report iti the Intelligencer does
not state on which side. Jlr. lllack spoke
against the abolitionists and tlieir etlbrts.
Mr. King of Georgia spoke against the motion
that the petitions be not received. He
is for receiving and considering them, and
then deciding against them. Mr. Porter ot
Louisiana replied at length.
OHIO AND MICHIGAN BOUNDARY.
Tuesday, March 1.?Mr. Clay ion, from
the Committee 011 the Judiciary, to which
was referred the bill to establish tfcc Northem
Boundary line of the State of Ohio, and
J - . ?
the joint resolution on the same subject,
made a report, which was read.
The report is very long,and occupied the
greater part of the morning in the reading.
Mr. r'wing, of Ohio, moved that the report
be laid on the table, and printed, and
that 5,000 extra copies be printed.
Mr. Buchanan rose to put himself right
as to one single point. Jle concurred in
the report of the bill, and he also concurred
generally in the reasoning of the committee.
There was, however, one point on which
he dissented., fie did not think that the
provision in the Constitution of Ohio imposed
on the (jovernmcntof the I nited States
any obligation, express or implied, to dcmand
from Michigan the .disputed territory,
as a matter of right. In reference to its expediency,
lie agreed with the committee. lie
thought the better course would bo to give
trie territory to Ohio, and mako it up to
Michigan put of the Territory of Wisconsin.
lie though! that Ohio had no greater
right to demand this territory of Michigan,
than Michigan had to claim it.
Mr. Clayton said it was unnecessary at
this time to debate the differences between
the member from Pennsylvania and the rest
of the committee. It was a fact, however',
which perhaps it was well should be made
known, that, in the results to which the committee
had arrived, evert/ member concurred.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania differs
from the rest of us only in a single part of
the reasoning which brought us to these results,
and that is this: we consider it not
only expedient, but dnc to our sense of jus.
tice, to confirm the Ohio line; the gentleman
thinks it expedient only. We. have not decided
that Ohio has the line she claims as a
matter of strict legal right. On the contrary,
tiic report we have made, negatives such
a pretension. J Tad we decided that Ohio
has, without our further legislation, a vested
and indefeasible right to the boundary proposed
in the bill, we should not have reportoil
the bill, but have remitted the parties tc
tiic judicial tribunals of the country.
The Chair laid before the Senate a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury
oil the subject of a resolution of a pre*
* -l ~ +
vious session, concerning inc saieiy o;
steamboat navigation.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
The Senate proceeded to consider the pc<
tition of the Society of Friends, praying foi
the abolition of Slavcjy in the District o
Columbia.
The question being 011 the motion of Mr,
Calhoun, that the petition be not received,
Mr. Prentiss made sonic remarks in oppo.
siton to the pending motion.
Mr. Webster said a few words as to the
expedient course for the Senate to pursue.
Mr. Preston spoke at some length, and,
On motion of Mr. Duchanan,
The Senate adjourned.
Wednesday, March 2.?After some tinn
I sncntin receiving and referring petitions, tin
; abolition question was taken up.
! Afr. Buchanan advocated the right of th
j petitioners to come to the Senate, and ti
! have their petitions received, at some length
I Mr. Walker replied.
Mr- White succeeded in support of th
i motion of Mr. Calhoun not to receive th
i petition; and, when lie concluded,
j On motion of Mr. Goldsborough,
The Senate adjourned.
Thursday, March #.
On motion of Mr. Davis, it was
Resohcd, That the Committee on Mil
. tary Affairs he instructed to inquire into th
i expediency of providing for the appointmer
ofChaj)lains for the Army of the Unite
States.
The abolition question "was token up.
Mr. Goldsborough addressed tiie Srnal
in favor of receiving the petition, and eithc
referring or laving it on the table.
EXPUNGING RESOLUTION.
Mr. Benton gave notice that he 6hou
! introduce his expunging resolution in tl
| course of a few da vs. as Soon as the Sena
j should be
i) Qn Friday Mr. Preston offered the foiv
lowing resolution, which lies one day for
? consideration :
licsolcctl, That it is expedient, the States
. of Maryland and Virginia assenting there.
|f to, to retrocede the District of Columbia to
fi those States, with such reservations as may
.J be necessary for the Government,
is This re-solution was on a subsequent day
L- postponed to tltc iirst Monday in April. Nos
thing else of public interest came before
. the Senate from the 3d to the Oth March, the
i date of our last accounts, except the subject
2 i of abolition. In the course of that time
, Messrs. Goldsborough, Swift, Hubbard,
f Buchanan, Brown, Grundy, Morris, Kent,
Kwing. Calhoun and Clay spoke. It is not
i stated of the most of them in the report
' ..... 1....... ...1.^1. MWIA lltnf*
ttmvsii nu jiiiv\wncu mv i
, advocated; but the yeas and nays published
below will shew. On tlie 9th the petition
of a quarterly meeting of Quakers
from Pennsylvania being under consideration,
the question made by Mr. Calhoun,
^ "Shallthe petition be received V* was decided
in the affirmative as follows:
I; YEAS.?Messrs. Benton, Brown, Buch(j
anan, Clay, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis,
[ Ewing, of 111., Ewing, of Ohio, Goldsborough,
Grundy, Hendricks, Hill, Hubbard*
Kent, King o? Ala., King of Ga. Knight,
Linn, McICeau, Morris, Naudam, Nilcs,
Prentiss, Robbins,Robinson, Ruggles, Shep.
ley, Southard, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton,
Tomlinson, Wall, Webster, Wright.?36.
NAYS.?Messrs. Black, Calhoun, Cuth|
bcrt, Leigh, More, Nicholas, Preston, PorIter.
Walker. White.?10.
The question being next on tiic motion of
Mr. Buchanan, to reject the prayer of the
petition,
Mr. Clay offered an amendment assigning
reasons for the rejection, which was
postponed.
House of Representatives.
Thursday, Feb. 25.?The House resumed
the .consideration of the report on the
contested election from N. Carolina. Different
motions to postpone were made, butbefore
any question was taken the hour for
J.n /?r?nci/lnr:itinn fif morninc business CX
.. o
pired. A motion was made to take up the
Executive Patronage bill, and decided in the
affirmative by the casting vote of the'
Speaker.
There being two motions pending, one to
refer it to tha Judiciary committee, the other
to refer it to a select committee, a third motion
to refer it to the committee of the whole
on the state of the Union was made and
passed.
The bill fertile relief of the sullercrs by
fire in New York was taken up and opposed
by Mr. Pierce in a long speed 1.
Fo'j. 2G.?The morning was again spent
in c jnsidering the case of the contested elcction
without any question being taken.
Mr. Graham, the sitting member, wished
further time to collect testimony. Sonic of
the committee were of opinion lie had been
aNowcd time enough. Others were of a
,: different opinion.
The rO!)iai?vtr?r of tho day wftS spCllt upon
private bills.
Saturday, Feb. 27.?The morning was
airain spent in debate upon the propriety of
o I _ _
allowing further time to Mr. Graham to
collect testimony; and the remainder of the
day in considering private bills.
Monday, Feb. 29.?The House resumed
the consideration of the question of order
which was pending last Tuesday, in regard
to referring all petitions and questions on the
subject of abolition in the District of Columbia
to the select commi'tee appointed
for that purpose under Mr. Pinckney's resolution.
After some debate the appeal
which had been made from the decision of
the chair was withdrawn.
Numerous petitions were presented. Af.
tcr which
Mr. Patton presented a letter from the
' Governor of Virginia, transmitting certain
resolutions 011 the subject of the abolition
of slaverv in the District of Columbia, and
j sent to the Chair the following motion, in
relation to tne communication :
1. Resolved, That Congress lias no con.
stitutional power to abolish slavery in the
District ofColumbia or in the Territories of
the United States.
2. RcsoJved, That any act of Congress
having for its object the abolition of slavery
j' in the District of Columbia or the Territories
of the United States, ought to be regarded as
affording just cause of alarm to the slaveholding
States, and bringing the Union in[
to imminent }>eriL
P The Chair decided that the motion was
not in order, inasmuch as the resolution
adopted bv the House on the subject had
' committed "every paper and proposition,"
on the subject of abolition, to the select committee
appointed under that resolution.
From this decision Mr. Patton appealed.
Mr. Patton -spoke in support of the appeal.
Mr. Wise followed on the same side.
The Chair having decided that the rc.
! marks of the gentleman from Virginia (Mr.
D! A Vise) were out of order,
Mr. Mason, of Virginia, moved that the
c ' ?
i gentleman have leave to proceed.
Mr. Calhoun called for the yeas and navs
It/
and they were ordered.
' Tlio fMif-ctinn hrincr taken it was decided
I * D
11 in the negative; Yeas 78, Nays 100.
c { Mr. Holsey addressed the House in
i opposition to the decision of the Chair,
j Mr. FRENCH moved to postpone the
subject till Monday morning next,
j Pending this question.
Mr. Pinckncy moved the Previous Qucs?
l* tion, which was seconded.
Mr. Patton asked the yeas and nays on
\ the question, " Shall the main question be
now put ?" and they were ordered.
Mr. Evans moved that the House adjourn.
Lost.
'c The question being taken, it was deter?r
' mined in the affirmative: Yeas 110 Nav;
! 76.
j The question then being, " Shall the
Id j decision of the Chair stand as the judgmen
je | of the House ?"
tc-! Mr. Patton asked for the yeas and nays
rnd they were ordered.
! The question being taken, it was deci.
: ded in the in the affirmative: Yeas 143,
! Nays 40.
So tiie decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. Patton asked if he could withdraw
the resolutions.
The Chair replied that he supposed the
j gentleman might withdraw then).
! Mr. Patton. I do withdraw them then.
I Mr. Mason, of Virginia, said he was
I about to suggestto his colleague a differ*
j course. He proposed to ask the consent
of the House to suffer these resolutions to
take the usual course, and be laid on the
table, and printed.
: Mr. Adams objected to the withdrawal
! of the resolutions, as it would counteract an
j order of the House.
The Chair then stated that he was compelled
to say that the resolutions could not
be withdrawn without leave of the House.
He had not anticipatedthat there would be
any objection.
Mr Patton then moved that the Rules
be suspended in order to enable him to withj
draw the resolutions, and give them the
direction suggested by his colleague.
Mr. John Q. Adams asked if the question
was debuteable.
The Chair replied that it was not.
On motion of Mr. Briggs the IIousc
then adjourned.
Tuesday, March 1.?The day was spent
in receiving and referring resolutions and
l>ctitions, none of which were of much publie
interest.
Wednesday, March 3.?A motion was
i made to print 5000 extra copies of a report
j of the Franklin Institute on the subject of
tlic explosion of steam Doners iransmmeo
to Congress by the Secretary of the Treasury
; which lies over for one day.
The report on the contested election from
North Carolina was taken up and tlie time
j spent in debating two motions, the one to
! allow Mr. Newland to ap|>ear by counsel,
and the other to allow him to appear in person,
at tlic bar of the House to support his
cause, till the hour for the "special order" had
arrived.
The special order was then postponed by
suspending "the rule" to receive a bill reported
by Mr. Thomas for establishing the
northern boundary of Ohio, and admit Michigan
into the Union on certain conditions;
and also to take up the N. V. relief bill.
The former bill was read twice and committed.
Tlie latter was debated, and the
previous question moved, but decided in the
negative. The ctFoct of this decision the
Speaker stated to be to postpone the subject
fur the day,
j The House then, in committee of the
whole proceeded to consider the bill making
appropriations for the navy, when .Mr.
Thomson of S. C. spoke at great length
against some features of the bill and the
system of expenditures adopted by the Covernmcnt
for measures of defence.
March 3.?The same bill was taken up
and Jcliutcil ? llltout taking any ijWStioil.
Nothing of any importance was done.
11 <1?'PI 10 renorf on the contested
~l
election was again taken up. Mr. Bynum
spoke in favor of hearing counsel, and
Messrs. Mercer, of Va., Reed, of Mass.,
and Glasscock of Ga., on the other side.
No question taken.
Nothing of any moment had been done
in the House as late as the 9th, except the
passage of the New York relief bill; upon
which the vote stood 114 to 94.
A portion of each day is consumed upon
the contested election from N. Carolina, but
no vote taken.
TIIE BUSINESS BEFORE CONGRESS.
From The Regular Correspondent of Tiio Bos.
ton Daily Advertiser.
WASHINGTON FEB. 20, 1930.
Now that all apprehension of a war with
France is at an cud, and no disturbing cause
exists in our foreign relations to effect materially
the deliberations of Congress, it way
seem a fit time to give you a view of the
measures which have been or will be agitated
in this body during the present seasons.
1. Foremost among them, and 011 the
very surface of tilings, is the abolition question.
This comes up in three shapes :
First, in the presentation of petitions respecting
slavery and the slave trade in the
District; secondly, in bills, reported or to be
reported, for the regulation of the mail, and
the exclusion from it of incendiary pulications,
so called ; and, lastly, on the report
to be made by the committee raised under
Mr. Pinckney's resolution.
11 111!?, tlis.
partment, and is a measure of great public j
importance. * 1
6. Mr. Clay's bill for distributing tho
proceeds of the public lands rt^teably among \
the States, which has hcreforo passed both f.
Houses, and been vetoed by the President,
and is now once again under consideration
in the Senate.
7. The Ohio and Michigan Boundary,^
which is a subject upon which the States ot
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, as well as the
Territory of Michigan, aro eitrcmely sensitive,
and upon which there will be prolonged
and very earnest debate.
8 and 0. The admission of Michigan
and Arkansas into the Union. How much
question these two subjects will occasion, I
know not. They are, it is evident, things
of great conscnuence to the whole country.
If botli enter the Union together, they will ^
maintain, as it is, the equal balance of the
slavehokiing And non.shveholding States ia i
the Senate.
10. Various plans we in contemplation
for extending the Pension system, especialIt?
r.r?r? within it thn Uulrvu-o nn<l
4 r *J IIV IU VIJIV4 uw ?? -- ? uuu
officers of the Revolutionary army, and an*
other to give pensions to soldiers in the
West who served in the Indian war conse*
quent on the Revolution. ...
11. The Custom House Regulation Ml.
This subject is now in the hands of the
committee on Commerce of the House.-? \ "J
They contemplate a thorough revision of ** ?
the whole system of compensation to the
officers of the customs, providing fixed sal.
arics in the place of fees and perquisites.
12. The Judiciary Bill, which has passed
the .Senate now for the second time, but has
not been acted upon in the House.
13. Claims tor French Spoliations prior
to 1800. Between two and three hundredmemorials
on this subject have been referred
in the House to the committee on Foreign
Affiiires, who have the subject under
consideration. What the issue will be I
ca^iot say. "
and 13. The Land Office and Patent
^ n - Ll!
UV-^IOtUlUlV Ul lliut v.. J
slavery could not as Mr. Patton had pro- J.
posed, go to the committee on the District * j
of Columbia, with certain instructions but
that by virtue of Mr. Pinckney's resolution,
they must go fo the Select Committee appointed
by the House. Mr. Wise appealed*
and the discussion, ou his part at least was
violent.
Immediately after the adjournment of the }
House last evening the Speaker was crossing
the lobby from the House to his own ft
oflicial chamber, attended by several of bis i
friends, Mr. Wise came suddenly upon him
not meeting him fully but in an oblique direction,
and addressing die Speaker, told
him that u he was a d?d tyrant." The
Speaker, who had momentarily paused,
conceiving (though from what circumstance VI
I know not) that there was some premed- !
rtncirrn nfrninst him. suddenly Waved
UUiVil UVCl^u _
o O V -y
his hand, and passed on towards his room- J
Mr. W ise raising his voice, continued?*' I
intend this as a personal insula aod you .1
may pocket it in silence if you choose." . 1
The Speaker disavows having heard these
last words, though they were heard distinctly
by a number of persons who surrounded
him. We tear of no movement on v
the subject, in the House, Of die truth of ;
. the rumour, or the purport of the motion* |
I can say nothing.
I __ ??
1JLOHIDA.
| "FORTDRANE,FLORIDA, -> ,
' j Fehruajy 20. . i j. j
" Tho U. S. Troops left here on the
1 j day before yesterday, to escort the provis|
ions, &c. to Fort King. We eapect them'
today. During their absence, fcapc. noocrtson
of the Blues, has been, honored wtth
the immediate command, of thi&post. Two
i nen were fired on, nous Micanopy, two days
since, by a party of Indians. One of tnc
[ men was killed, and other wounded. The j|
latter made his escape.
" Xo quarters is the order of the day hero
from the General down."
Extract of another letter received by a J|
^ gentfcman of this city, from a friend, dated,
i "FORT DRANE, FEB. f20.?Tiic f j
I fourth night after we started from Camp <?J
1 Augusta, (opposite Picctfata) we encamped jl
near a farm house, three miles irom Mican- M
1 opy , which we found occupied by two men JS
. which we though rather strange, as at all the. Mm
. oiher houses wc passed, not a human being MM
Uthcc. l nese Druncncs 01 mc puuuc service
require to be revised and extended, and
will receive more or less attention from the- J
present Congress with a view to improve- I
incut in their organization. I
But enough. I might augment this list 1
by the specification of many other things I
. of local or temporary interest, or of minor
importance, which are in the hands of committees,
or in the course of discussion, in &L
one or the other branch of Congress. But
I think you will be satisfied that, in what I
have now suggested to you, there is ample
matter for a session of six or seven months,
which will roll away, I doubt not, leaving
many things undone and many overdone.
And if to tlie subjects already mentioned,
public or private, national or local, you add
the ever present question of the Presidency,
coloring all the proceedings of Congress-?- t
the conflicting interests and passions of tfec
members, and the stirring debates in the Senate
and the House, you will have some
idea of tho multiplicity of objects of thought '
U'ltistk nrn rv<n4l-ltait in
uuu uuoaivoo niiivu uiv> vvuvvuwwd > w
precincts of the Capitol. * ,/
From f/<c correspondence of the New Yuri Courier' .
Enquirer. I
Washington, March 1. i
You will have noticed with astonishment H
and regret the unusual excitement and ten- [
dcncy to personal allusion, which have cha- L
racterized the debates on points of order in ' j
the House of Representatives for the last |
two weeks. The debate of that description J
to which I briefly alluded in my letter of last 1
evening, lias been productive of painful consequences.
The Speaker, you will remember,
decided tliat the resolutions presented
by Mr. Pqjton, of Virginia, from the
r oniolfifnw nP tl>nt r?n the snbiect of
[ iO Vll^ IVOL IU4UiVi?uv?. w...?
cussed in the Senate on Mr. Benton's rcso.
Iutions, and in the House upon that of Mr.
Adams. The debate in the Senate is at an
end, but that in tl?c House is not. It waits
its turn, to be renewed when other business
shall give it place.
Both of these subjects arc political and
purtisan, more or less, in the views taken of
them by many of those wl)p have engaged
in the debate.
3. Thirdly, the appropriation bills, wliich
open to discussion all the policy of the Gov.
J eminent, and all the interests ofthe country
j foreign and domestic. Very large appro!
priations, for the contingent possibility o\
| war, were contemplated by the Administraj
tion a few weeks ago ; but all such ideas arc
now abandoned, and Congress will be dev.*.
ded upon this subject into two sections, not
distributed precisely according to party
lines, one side desiring liberal peace appropriations
for the Navy and for fortifications,
and the other advocating ? rigorous and
i jealous curtailment of all such expenditures,
; 4. The Patronage bill. I his has passed
the Senate, and is now in the House
waiting to be committed. The tendency
of this bill is to diminish the power exertci
by the Executive through the means of ap
5 pointments to offices of profit under tlx
Ooverment, of the United States. It wi!
i draw into discussion all the measures ani
t Principles ofthe present Administration.
5. The Post Office bill already repojtcc
, l in the House, which provides, lor acpm
' piete rc-organizatiqp of*he Post Office Do
