CHER AW GAZETTE. J
m. macleax, editor & proprietor. CHER AAV, S. C., TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 1836. veL. r. ?o. 17.
Published every Tuesday.
VERMS.
If paid within throe months, ... 3. 00
If paid withinthree months after the close
of the year, - 3. 50
If not paid within that time, . - - - 4. 00
A company of six persons taking the paper a
the same Post Office, shall l>c entitled to it at $15
/ aid in advance, and a company of ten person
at $20 ; provided the names be forwarded togeth
er, accompanied bv the money.
No paper to be discontinued but at the optioi
of the Editor till arrearages are paid.
Advertisements inserted for 75 cents per squan
the first time, and 37$ for each subsequent inscr
ion.
Persons sending in advertisements arc request
? *d to specify the number of times they are to jx
inserted; otherwise they will be continued til
ordered out, and charged accordingly.
OJ-Thc Postage must be paid on all commu
mcauons scni Dy man.
RIRAL ECOX#.*Y.
From tlie Farmer & Gardner.
GREAT CORN CROP.
W c iuscrt the following paragraph wiili
pleasure, as we hope it will serve to stimulate
our farmers and planters in the good
work of improving their Jands,instead of cat ing
their eyes to the setting sun as their forlorn
hope." With good management there
is very little of the arable land of our coun.
try but might be made to produce, in sea.
sonable years more than the aggregate below
mentioned of the whole 79 acres, or
even more than that of the best field of 22
acres, which was 100 8-11 bushels per
acre. We think we can demonstrate this.
Earl Stirason, of Saratoga country, N. Y.,
whose crop of corn exceeds 5,000 bushels,
averages above 100 bushels to the acre;
his land is naturally a light sand : he plants
Iris corn 2 1-2 feet apart, each way. Now
suppose we Plant an acre 3 feet apart, and
* ' 1 ?! I 1
let four stalks staixl in a mil anu we Know
it would grow and mature at this distance,
from the example mentioned above ;?il
then wc plant at this distance and we allow
each stalk to produce two gills of corn, il
will give us 152 1-2 bushels to the acre. In
an acre of ground there arc 43,560 square
feet which planted 3 feet apart c ither w ay
being divided by 9, the square of 3, would
give us 48 40 hills of 4 stalks each and
tiiese yielding 2 gills each would make
1220 gallons or 152 1-2 bushels of corn.
If we come down from the aggregate o!
acres to the product of stalks surely there
is no one acquainted with the prolilic character
of this valuable grain but would al
once concede all we b%vc asked. We
have before said and agaTh repeat it thai
there am but few farms in the country that
- ^ t mi 1 i
might not dc orougnuo y ieiu an ?i
100 bushels to the acre, by the proper use
of lime marl or other calcareous earth stable
and barn-yard manure and the turning in
of a few green crops, either of clover or
buckwheat.
Great Corn Crop
Mr. Philip Reybold of Red Lion Ilun.
/ dred has sent us the following statement oi
the crop of corn produced last season in
three of his fields. Mr. Reybold is probably
the largest farmer in New Castle county,
and the following results will show thai
ho may fairly claim a rivalry with the bes
in the country:
t One field of 22 acres, 2210 bushels.
Do. u 30 " 2249 and 3 peeks'
Do. " 27 " 1819 bushels.
79 acres, G2S4 and 3 pecks
It will thus be seen that in a field of 2x
acres the yield exceeded 100 bushels o
corn per acre. The whole crop on 79 acr
i es, averages nearly 80 bushels. Wilming
ton (Del,) Jour,
t
From the New England Farmer.
i WOR3IS IN TIIB HEAD OF SIIEEr.
The few but valuable remarks on tlx
1 aitrus oris and its progeny, which appeare:
in No. 4. of the current volume of tne Far
mer will, I trust receive the attentive and ex
tensive consideration ot agriculturists whicl
their importance demands and that the pro
phylactic* suggestion will be adopted, "at
ounce of preventition," &c. The losses
sustained in some parts of the country bj
sljeep owners from the attacks of the inscc
arc 1 believe much greater than is gencr
rdlv snnnosed nnd the en.use is oftentimes
J IT*" ?
Tr holly unknown.
SheCp affected by the 'worm in the heac
soon pine away and it is impossible to fatter
i them. A constant running at the nose
commence first of a glary mucus which
is succeeded by bloody and corrupted mat
ter. They rub and sometimes strike theii
heads against fences, &c. and I have ob
served them particularly lambs, froth at tin
mouth and jump into the air until, exhauster
m they would fall to the ground.
Having in several instances succccdec
in curing them even in the last stage of tin
disease I have thought the remedy I em.
ployed might be worthy of publicity"?Dur
ing the autumn of 1833, my flock consistet
of about sixty sheep most of them recent!}
purchased. During the fall and winter i
number of them died; but not until in th<
spring when I had lost fifteen or sixteci
Iewes and as many lambs did 1 discover the
cause. Opening the head ol one to set
what condition it was in I found severa
dark-headed white worms varying from on<
half to three fourths of an inch in lengtl
and one eighth of an inch in thickness
The cartilage of the nasal organ- was in i
sadly corrupted state. A number of tlx
other sheep were apparently near their en(
from the same cause. Selecting three o
the worst, I tried what 1 thought a desper
ate experiment, pouring a tea-spoonful o
spirits of turpentine down each nostril. 1
evidently gave them considerable pain a
* Prophylactic-iiieaiis precenticr. W rivrs fo;
jurawrs ought to use plain language.?(in:
first but I soon had the satisfaction to see
them quietly grazing. I then administered
the dose to "all the dirty nosed sheep in the
fiock, and do not now remember losing one
that was full grown for many months,
t Last spring 1 found they were again affeci,
ted and repeated turpentine potions mixed,
s however with an equal quantity of olive oil,
* | which I thought would render it less liable
1 j to injure the sheep. The result was again
successful: and though I had despaired of
j i ever curing some of them this autumn the
- whole Hock has rrone to the shambles.
j " "" pIn
several of the heads I examined 1
J found a long white worm not thicker than a
I common knitting needle evidently of entirely
a different genus^aml**n one occasion
' I washed with a syrH^ and warm water
from the nose of a lamb a mass of them
i that would have tilled a cubic half inch.
The lamb died under the operation^
He so good as to inform me if the (rslriis
oris rle|)osites its egg "from the middle of
j August to the middle of September."?
How do the worms get into the nostrils of
1, lambs in the spring ?
, Very rcspccfully,
Sam'l Allison.
Yardsvil/c, N. Y. 10 mo. 10th, 1835.
[From the Tennessee Farmer.]
SUBSTITUTE FOR THE SPADE.
I have discovert! a much easier and more
[ speedy method of digging garden ground,
, than tlut performed with tlie spade. which
[ is merely to substitute in its stead, the common
manurefork,?one, however, made
square at top lor the loot to rest on, would
be better. Mine is a coarse 3 pronged fork
the tines 8 inches long, 1-4 inch wide, and
| 1-2 inch thick at the shoulder, and tapering
! to the point, and 7 inches in breadth, bent
I as much as a common spade?the handle
straight or nearly so, and 4 1-2 feet long.
The advantage in w orking is that it is easier
! forced into the ground than a spade, and
, the upper end of Jthe handle being thrown
. forward to nearly arm's length, the fork de|
scends perpendicularly into the earth?then
, instead of liifing and turning, the process is
! rather rolling the lump over by lever power,
I first breaking it loose, then as the handle
with one hand near the end and the other
, about the middle descends, the arm rests on
the knee and the forward hand becomes
f the pivot of the second lever, of less power
than the first and sufficient with a little forward
motion, if the ground is somewhat
adhesive to turn over almost a cubic foot
at once. If it inclines to turn backwards
I drawing the fork partly out will generally
obviate that difficulty but sometimes the old
method of lifting and turning must be resortorl
frv
Ground dug in full or winter, I conclude
should be left rough as presenting more surface
to the action of the frost uiul air, it is
in bettor condition in the spring than if made
smooth though finely pulverized.
Very res|>cctlully yours, G. II.
r Dee*. 12, 1835*.
i
See to your Bakxs.?Every farmer
. ought to visit his barn himself occasionally,
t unless he has sorhebodv to attend to it who
t understands the business better than himself.
Do not trust too much to small boys; when
amusements engage their attention, or the
. cold weather incommodes them, they will
usually do their work in baste and not as it
should be. They must have their education
in this business and should be assisted by
? those of better judgment. It requires much
f practice and a wise head to determine what
quantity of lbdder is just sufficient to keep
cattle in a good condition.. Every part ol
the barn should be examined to see that it is
in good order and that each creature lias a
comfortable situation.? Yanlcce Farmer.
i
Watering cattle in winter.?Perhaps
j it would excite the surprise of many of our
readers, should we assert that cattle generally
sutler more from thirst in winter, than during
l tho heat of summer. Yet there is strong
reason to believe that this is to a great extent
1 the case. Cattle whose winter food consists
, entirely of hay, straw, and other dry materi,
rds, need a plentiful and frequent supply of
j pure fresh water. This many do not obtain,
as nearly all running streams are covered
with ice, and cattle arc obliged to wander a
considerable distance from the yard to the
I watering place, through deep snows or over
( a slippery path, exposed, to the annoyance
, of dogs, or to be gored by other cattle, and
rather than endure tins, they often suffer
in noli from n wont nf water. It llUS beeil
r ascertained that a bullock, who has water at
command, will drink height times a day. It
, sliould always therefore be of easy access to
j cattle at all times: and not on a distant part
of the farm, or in the open road, so that in
j order tlmt cattle may help themselves to it,
, you arc obliged to leave your gate open, or
barnyard bars down, and thus your yard is
thronged with vagrant colts and other ill-bred
j animals, who take possession of whatever
. fodder they can lay their mouths upon, and
t pay no regard to the rights ol tncum and
^ tuum. Dr. Anderson says that he knew a
' man who became very rich by being great
% in little matters, that is in attending carefully
> to things which other men consider of too
j little consequence to claim their notice; and
, this man always made it a point to see that his
J cattle, particularly his milch cows, should
have a constant supply of the purest water.
j lb.
3 When confined, or when simply roosting,
j in an enclosed house, hens are opt to become
f infested with lice, in the warmer months.
Dry wood ashes, put on the ground where
f they dust themselves, will very soon free
. them.
t .Mr. Clay has recently imported for his ;
farm at Ashland, Ky., S or 10 of the finest j
. j cattle that have b.cn seen in that stale.
. | Farmer A* frardner.
THE PRESIDENTS MESSAGE,
Announcing the offer of the French Government
to pay the Indemnity.
To thr Senate and House of Representatives:
I transmit herewith, to Congress, copies
ofthc correspondence between the Secretary
of State and the Charge d* Affairs of His
Britannic Majesty, relative to the mediation
of Great Britain in our disagreement with
France, and to the determination of the
French Government to execute the Treaty
of Indemnification, without further delay, on
the application for payment by the agent of
the United States.
The grounds upon which the mediation
was acccepted will be found fully developed
in the correspondence. On the part ot
France the mediation had been publicly
accepted before the offer of it could be
received here. Whilst each of the two Governments
has thus discovered a just solicitude
to resort to all honorable means of adjusting
amicably the controversy between
t'lem, it is a matter of congratulation that the
mediation has been rendered unnecessary.
Under such circumstances, the anticipation
may be confidently indulged that the disagreement
between the United States and
France will not have producod more than a
temporary estrangement. The healing effects
of time, a just consideration of the powerful
motives for a cordial good understanding
bctweon the two Nations, the strong inducements
each lias to respect and esteem
the other, will no doubt soon obliterate from
their rcmemberance all traces of that disagreement.
Of the elevated and disinterested part the
Government of Great Britain has acted, and
was prepared to act, I have already had occasion
to express my high sense. Universal
rcspccttand the consciousness of meriting
it. nro with Governments as with men, the
just rewards of those \Vho faithfully exert
their power to preserve peace, restore barmony,
and perpetuate good-will.
I may be permitted, I trust, at this time,
without a suspicion of the most remote desire
to throw offcensure from the Executive,
or to point it to any other Department or
branch of the Government, to refer to the
want of effective perparation in which our
country was found at the late crisis. From
the nature of our institutions, the movements
of the Government in preparation for hostilities
must ever be too slow for the exigencies
of unexpected war. I submit it then to
you, whether the first duty we owe to the
People who have confided to us their power
is not to place our country* in such an attitude
as always to be so am pi}' supplied
ninnno c/>1 ;ie fa nfFnrrl
Ullil lllVy IllVtillO VA WVI?-MV?VMW MM %W
no inducement to other nations to presume
upon our forbearance, or to expect important
advantages from a sudden assault, either
upon our commerce, our seacoast, or our
interior frontier. In case of the csmmencement
of hostilities during the recess of Congress,
the time inevitably elapsing before
that body could be called together, even under
the most favorable circumstances, would
be pregnant with danger, and, ifwc escaped
without signal disaster or national dishonor,
the hazard of both unnecessarily incurred,
could not fail to excite a feeling of deep
reproach. I earnestly recommend to you,
therefore, to make such provisions, that in
no future time shall wc be found witnout ample
means to repel aggression, even although
It inov r?mno unfin n? U'ithnnt a UOtC of War
II UJUT WlllV ww ?? ?..? ? _ ning.
We arenow, fortunate)}-, so situated,
that the expenditure for this purpose will not
be felt; and, if it were, it would be approved
by those from whom all its means are de.
rived, and for whose benefit only it should
be used with a liberal -economy and an enlightened
forecast.
In behalf of these suggestions, I cannot
forbear repeating the wise precepts of one
whose counsels cannot be forgotten : "The
" United States ought not to indulge a per"
suasion that, contrary to the order of hu"
man events, they will forever keep at a
" distance'those painful appeals to arms,
" with which the history of every other na"
tion abounds. There is a rank due to the
" United States among nations which will be
" withheld, if not absolutely lost, by the rep"
ufaiion of wcaknsss. If we desire to avoid
* insult, we must bo able to repel it. If \vc
" desire to secure peace, one of the most
powerful instruments of our rising prosperi"
ty.it must be known that we are,at all times
" ready for war."
ANDREW JACKSON.
February, 22, 1836.
DOCUMENTS ACCOMPANYING THE MESSAGE.
Washington, Jan. 27, 1836.
The undersigned, His Britannic Majesty's
Charge d'Affaires, has been instructed to
state to Mr. Forsyth, the Secretary of State
of the United States, that the British Goveminent
has witnessed with the greatest pain
and regret the progress of the misunderstanding
which has lately grown up between
the Governments of France and of the Uni
ted States. The first object of the undeviating
policy of the British Cabinet has been
to maintain uninterrupted the relations of
peace between Great Britain and the other
nations of the world, without any abandonment
of national interests, and without any
sacrifice of national honor. The next objeet
to which their anxious and unremitting
exertions have been directed, has been, by
an appropriate exercise of the good offices
and moral influence of Great Britain, to
heal dissentione which may have arisen among
neighboring Powers, and to preserve
for other nations those blessings of peace
which Great Britain is so desirous of securing
for herself.
The Steady efforts of Mis Majesty's Goernment
have hitherto been fortunately successful
in the accomplishment of both these
ends and while Europe, during the last
five years, has passed through a crisis of
I
extraordinary hazard without any disturbance
of the general peace, His Majesty's
Government has the satisfaction of thinking
that it lias, on more than ono occasion,
been instrumental in reconciling differences
which might otherwise have led to quarrels,
and in cementing union between friendly
Powers.
But if ever there could be an occasion
on which it would be painful to the British
Government to sec the relations of amity
broken off between two friendly States, that
occasion is undoubtedly the present, when a
rupture is apprehended between two great
Powers, with both of which Great Britain is
united by the closest ties; with one of which
she is engaged in .active alliance, with the
other of which she is joined by community
of interest and by the bonds of kindred.
Nor would the grounds of difference on
the present occasion reconcile the friends
and well-wishers of the differing parties to
the misfortune of an open rupture between
them.
When the conflicting interests of two Donations
are so opposed on a particular question
as to admit of no possible compromise,
the sword may be required to cut the
knot which reason is unable to untie.
When passions have been so excited on
both sides that no common standard of justice
can be found and what one party insists
on as a right the other denounces as a wrong,
prejudice may become too headstrong to
yield to the voice of equity; and those who
can agree on nothing else may consent
to abide the fate of arms, and to allow that
the party which shall prove the weakest in
the war shall be deemed to have been wrong
*t__ J! A. ?
in mc uispuie.
But in the present case there is no question
of national interest at issue between
France and the United States. In the present
case there is no demand of justice
made by one part}-, and denied by the oth.
er. The disputed claims of America on
France, which were founded upon transactions
in the early part of the present ccntury,
and were for many years in litigation
have at lengh been established by mutual
sent, and are admitted by a treaty concluded
bewteen the two Governments. The
money due by France has been provided
by the Chambers, and has been placed at
the disposal of the French Government for
the purpose of being paid to the United
States.
But questions have arisen between the
two Governments, in the progress of those
transactions, affecting, on both sides, the
feelings of national honor; and it is on this
ground that the relations between the parties
have been for the moment suspended, and
are in danger of being more seriously inter
ruuicu*
In this*state of things, the British Government
is led to think that tne good offices
of a third, Power, equally the friend of
France aud of the United States, and
prompted by considerations of tin) highest
order, most earnestly to wish for the continuance
of pence, might be useful in restoring
a good understanding between the two
parties, on a footing consistent with the nicest
feelings of national honor in both.
The undersigned has, therefore, been iu1
structed by His Majesty's Government for'
mally to tender to the Government of the
United States the mediation of Grcai Britain
for the settlement of the differences between
the United States and France, and to
say that a note, precisely similar to the present,
has been delivered to the French Go'
vernment by His Majesty's ambassaborat
Paris. The undersigned has, at the same
time, to express the confident hope of His
Majesty's Government, that if the two parties
would agree to refer to the British Government
the settlement of the point at issue
between them, and to abide by the opinion
which that Government might, after due
1 consideration, communicate to the two parties
thereupon, means might be found of satisfying
the honor of eacn, without incurring
those great and manifold evils which a rupturc
between two such powers must inevitably
entail upon both.
The undersigned has the honor to renew
to Mr. Forsyth the assurance of his most
J<n?in/nnaliiul mflfltl
Uldllil^UlOUVU Ys\JII47*UVA%?MVII?
CHARLES BANKHEA?.
Department of State,
Washington, Feb. 3,1836.
Tlic undersigned, Secretary of State of
the United States, has had the honor to tcceivc
the note of the 27th ultimo, of Mr.
Charles Bankhead, His Britannic Majesty's
Charge d' Affaires, offering to the Governmcnt
of the United States the mediation of
His Britannic Majesty's Government lor the
settlement of the differences unhappily existing
between the United States and France.
That communication having been submitted
to the President, and considered with all the
care belonging to the importance of the
subject, and the source from which it emanated,
the undersigned lias been instructed
to assure Mr. Bankhead that the disinterested
and honorable motives which have dictated
the proposal are fully appreciated. The
pacific policy of his Britannic Majesty's
v, ? ] tn lw?il / licqpnsinns
UaUJIJL'lj^UUU LilCIX I.IIUHO iv v..www..v.wMw
arising among nations, are worthy of the
character and commanding influence of
Great Britain; and the success of those efforts
is as honorable to the Government
by whose instrumentality it was secured as
it has been beneficial to the parties / more
immediately interested, and to the world at
lame.
The sentiments upon which this policy is
founded, and which are so forcibly displayed
in the offer that has been made, are deeply
impressed upon the mind of the President.
They are congenial with the institutions and
principles, as well as with the interests and
habits, of the People of the United States, j
and it has been the constant aim of their
Government, in its co;idi?cf towards other
J
I
powers, to observe and illustrate them. Cordially
approving the general views of His
Britannic Majesty's Government, the Presi.
dent regards with peculiar satisfaction the
enlightened and disinterested solicitude ma.
nifested by if, for the welfare of the nations
to whom its good offices are now tendered,
and has seen with great sensibility, in the
exhibition of that feeling, the recognition of
that community of interests and those ties
of kindred by which the United States and
Great Britain are united.
If circumstances did not render it certain,
it would have been obvious, from the language
of Mr. Bankhead's note to the undersigned,
that the Government of His Britannic
Majesty, when the instructions under
which it was prepared were given, could not
have been applied of ali the steps taken in
the controversy between the United States
and France. It was necessarily ignorant
of the tenor of the two recent messages of
the President to Congress?the first, communicatcd
at the commencement of the present
session, under date of the 7th of Decomber,
1835, and the second under that of
the 15th of January, 1836. Could these
documents have been within the knowledge
of his Britannic Majesty's Government, the
President does not doubt that it would have
been fully satisfied that the disposition of
the United States, notwithstanding their wellgrounded
and serious causes of complaint
against France, to restore friendly relations
[ and cultivate a good understanding with tlie
I Government of that country, was undiminj
ished, and that all had already been done, on
I their part, that could in reason be expected
of them, to secure that result. The first of
i these documents, although it gave such a
! history of the- origin .and progress of the
1 " V i
claims of the Uuitcd States, and of the
I proceedings of France before and since the
I treaty of 1831, as to vindicate tb<5 statej
ments and recommendations of the 1st December,
1834, yet expressly disclaimed the
offensive interpretation put upon it by the
Government of France; and while it insisted
on tiic acknowledged rights of the United
States, and the obligations of the treat}*,
and maintained the honor and independence
of the American Government, evinced an
anxious desire to do all that constitutional
duty and strict justice would permit, to remove
every cause of irritation and excitemcnt.
The special message of 15th January
last, being called for by the cxtraordinary
and inadmissable demands of the Government
of France, as defined in the last
official communications at Paris, and by
the continued refusal of France to execute
a treaty, from the faithflil performance oi
which by the United States it was tranquilly
enjoying important advantages, it became
the duty of the President to rcconuncnc
| such measures as might be adapted to the
1 " - TT *11! i..
exigencies ot tnc occasion, unwiumg u
believe that a nation distinguished for honoi
and intelligence could have determined per
mancntly to maintain a ground so indefensi
ble, and anxious still to leave open the dooi
j of reconciliation, the President contontet
| himself with proposing to Congress th<
j mildest of the remedies given by the Jaw
; and practice of nations, in connexion whl
; such propositions for defence as were evij
dently required by the condition of the Uni.
i red States and the attitude assumed b;
: France. In all these proceedings, as wel
| as in every stage of these difficulties witl
i France, it is confi(knf'7 believed that tlx
course of the United State, Ay hen duly con
sidercd by other Governments and the
world, will be found to have been marked
I not only by a pacific disposition, but by e
spirit of forbearance and conciliation.
For a further illustration of this point, m
well as for the purpose of presenting a lucic
view of the whole subject, the undersigned
has the honor to transmit to Mr. Bankhcac
copies of all that part of the message o
December 7,1835, which relates to it, anc
of the correspondence referred to therein
and also copies of the message and accom.
panying documents, of the 15th of Janua.
ry, 183G, and of another message of flic
18th of the same month, transmitting a report
of the Secretary of State, and certair
documents connected with the subject.
! These papers, while they bring down the
: history of the misunderstanding between
| the United States and France to the presenl
date, win also remove an erroneous juipiva|
sion which appears to bo entertained by His
Britannic Majesty's Government. It is
suggested in Mr. Bankhead's note thai
there is no question of national interest at
j issue bctwecu France and the United States.
! and that there is no demand of justice made
I by the one party and denied by the other.
| This suggestion appears to be founded on
| the facts that the claims of the United States
i have been admitted by a treaty concluded
; between the two Government1;, and that the
i money due bv France has been provided by
the Chambers, and placed at the disposal ol
j the French Government for the purpose ol
I being paid to the United States. But it is
1 to be observed that the payment of the mo'
'' ? In' tl IP
ney uuis upprupnuiuit is ....
' French Government unless the United States
I will first comply with a condition not con|
taincd in the treaty and not assented to by
1 them. This refusal to make payment is, in
the view of the United States, a denial of
justice, and has not only been accompanied
by acts and language of which they have
great reason to complain, bat the delay of
payment is highly injurious to those A men.
can citizens who are entitled to share in the
indemnification provided by the treaty, and
to the interests of the United States, inasmuch
as the reduction of the duties levied
on French wines, in pursuance of that trea^
ty, has diminished the public revenue, and
has been, and yet is, enjoyed by France,
with all the other benefits of the treaty,
without the consideration and equivalents
for \vhicJ?thev wcro granted. JJut there
a iv o'her "national interests, ami, tn the
judgment of this Government, notional in- ~
tcrcsts cf the highest order,.involved in the
condition prescribed and insisted on l>y I
France, which it has been, by the. President, 9
made the duty of the undersigned to bring di- j9
rectly into view. That condition proceeds ,9
on t!ie assumption that a foreign Power, 9
. whose acts are spoken of by the President 9
of the United Suites in a message to Con- 9
gross, transmitted in obedience to his con- 9
stitutional duties, and. which, deems itself 9
aggrieved by the language thushelJ by him, 9
may, as a matter of right, require from the
Government of the United States a direct -9
official explanation of such language, to bo
given in such form, and expressed in such a
terms, as shall meet the requirements and 9
satisfy the feelings of the offended party, 9
and may, in default of such explanation, 9
annul or suspend a solemn treaty (July exe
cutcd by its constitutional organ. Whatev- a
cr may be the responsibility of those nations"
whose Executives possess the power of de- 1
claring war,- and of adopting other coercive a
- i r ? u . a
remedies,without the intervention 01 mcic. _
gislativc department, for the language held 1
by the Executive in addressing that depart- J
rnent, it is obvious that under the Constitu- A
tion of the United States, which gives to ^
the Executive no such powers, but vests j
them exclusively in tlie Legislature, whilst, I
at the same time, it imposes on the Execu- A
tivc t!ic duty of laying before the Legisia- 1
turc the state of the uation, with such rc- 1
commendations as he may deem proper, no . 1
such responsibility can be admitted without 1
impair ng that freedom of intercommunion- j
tion which is essential to. the system, and 1
without surrendering, in this important par- j
?i10 nf s^luffoveromcnL In "1
tlVMIUl, IUV v. , 0
accordance with this view of theF^Beral* M
Constitution has been the practice under it. j
Tlic statements and recommendations of I
the President to Congress are regarded by J
this Government as a part of the purely domestic
consultations held by its different departments?consultations
in which nothing
is addressed to foreign Powers, and in which
they cannot be permitted to interfere, and
?- j?J :~i i
for which, until consummaicu auu ^.n _
out by nets emanating from the proper con- _ J
stitutional organs, the nation is not responsiblc,
and the Government not liable to ac- j
count to other States.
It will be seen, from the accompanying i
correspondence, that when the condition *
referred to was first proposed in the Cham- J
bcr of Deputies, the insuperable objections 1
to it were fully communicated by the American
minister at Paris to the French Governj.
nient, and that lie distinctly informed it that
the condition,, it prescribed, could never be
complied with. The views expressed by
j him were approved by the President, and
have been since twice asserted and enforced
by him in his messages to Congress, in
r terms proportioned, in their explicitness and
solemnity, to the conviction he entertains of
the importance and inviolability of the prin'r
ciple involved.
j The United States cannctyiekJ this frill- . {
, ciple nor can they do, or1 consent to, any
- - * - ~ miJL
. measure by which its immense in me uuuun
k of their political system can be obstructed
or diminished. Under these circumstances,
the President feels that he may rely on t}?c
. intelligence and liberality of His Britannic ? . t .
j Majesty's Govcrament for a correct egtima,
tion of the imperative obligations which leave
} him no power to subject this point t6 the
control of any foreign State, .whatever .may
2 be his confidence in its justice and impar- i,
tiality?a confidence which he has When
I pleasure in instructing the undersigned to
state is fullv reposed by him in the Govern.
nient of his Britannic Mujesty.
I So great, however, is the desire of tlie
n ! l?* r?i! ?* "? J ...
I rresiucm tor uic rv>iuruuou ui u uu|
dcrstandiug with the Government of France
f provided it can be effected eo terms eompa|
tiblc with the honor and independence oftbe
, United States, that if, after the frank avow*
. al of his sentiments upon the point last
. referred to, and tlie explicit reservation of
> that ]>oint, the Government of his Britannic
. Majestv shall believe that its mediation^can
, be useful in adjusting the differences which
exist between the two countries, and in res.
i toriug al) their relations to a friendly footing
, he instructs the undersigned to inform Mi1.
5 Bankhead that in such case the dftr of me,
diatjon made in his note is chcerfoJtv acccpL
tod.
, The United States desire nothiiiMMfrqual
; and exact justice ; and they cannot l&boptt
; that the good offices of a third Power,fneodly
to both parties, and prompted by the eh
. vatef 1 considerations manifested in Mr. Bank-.
head's note, may promote the attainment of
, this end. Influenced bjr these tnolives,tho
; President will cordially co-operate, so far Its
| his constitutional powers may enable hun^
, in such steps as may be requisite, on the part
. of the U. States, to give effect to the propo*
r scd mediation. He trusts that no iinne*
- ccssary delay wi| be allowed to occur, and
instructs tlie undersigned to request that (foe
earliest information of the measures token
i n .v.!.. 1 .1
Dy ureal uruuiu, aim 01 meir rvaun, uiay
be communicated to this Government.
The uudersigucd avails himself oftbeoc.
ension to renew to Mr. Bapkhead the as*
suranees of distinguished consideration.
JOHN FORSYTH.
Charles Bankiiead, Esq,
Charge (TAffaires of His Britannic Majesty,.
mr. bankhead to mr. FOBSYTn.
Washington, Feb. 10,a
The undersigned, his Britannic Majesty's
Charge d'AfTairos, with reference to his
note of 27th of last month, has the hooor^^^^H
to inform Mr. Forsyth, Secretary of
of the United States, that he has bev^M I
structcd by his Government to stateU^^^^^^^^H
British Government Itas received
of France, ? I
wishes tii impelled His
